e
e e
good morning folks how are
you if you are
a subscriber to my Twitter or X
if you could give me a 5x5 let me know
that the audio is good
thank you folks appreciate
it all right so we're going to be doing
some things today that uh hopefully will
inspire you to be in more involved with
your price action study and a proper use
of your demo account okay so
um I'm going to teach you a price action
drill that will help you also understand
how to use limit orders Caleb and for
anyone else that has not ever grown
comfortable using a limit order for your
entry
they're in my opinion they're the the
Pinnacle of knowing what you're looking
for so having a a market order I I do
that market order entry mainly to
satisfy to the best of my ability uh the
folks that would watch my recordings
like I did last night
um I traded Asian I'll review that trade
by the way the
uh xess the first thing I'll do after
I'm done this little monologue okay
we'll go right into that and you'll see
what I do and why I do what I do on
trading View and it all makes sense in a
couple minutes but the
U the market order that I use to enter
and always add you andyr my position of
is the Showcase that I'm not using Mark
replay and I'm always highlighting and
hover in over top
of the little green button up here and
one of my students made a point about
how they themselves even as a paid
student were like you can you remove any
of the doubt because you could be using
marker replay and I'm like I wasn't even
aware that Mark replay was a
thing but uh I started showing the uh
this little status button here and
I always toggle it so it tells you how
much time is left while the Market's
open and and you can't pull that up when
you're using Market replay
so I don't generally use Market orders
to get in I do that to allow for my
entries to be a little bit
off not as precise as they would be if
you were using limit orders and we'll be
looking at that today okay so there's
going to be a whole lot of button
pushing today buying and selling buying
and selling buying and selling you know
it's it's going to be a lot of it and
it's meant to show you how I got over
the
fear of selling
short I had to desens I had to
desensitize myself excuse me to getting
in to a short position because I didn't
understand how to do it in the 90s I was
I was afraid to do it didn't make any
sense for me to sell something I don't
own and how can I buy it back when I
didn't own it in the beginning so it
didn't it was very hard for me to
understand it
and what I tried to do was I tried to
create a game out of it and it was
something that I would
do on paper so I'd have to write down
what my hypothetical entry would be and
where my hypothetical stop would be and
where my hypothetical takeprofit would
be when I would
use end of day data back in the 90s when
I first started trading
Commodities and I would go through and
back test every example like that so my
hypothetical fill not factoring spread
obviously um I would always use the
opening price of whatever Candlestick I
was using for like a bearish order block
I would use the opening candlestick's
price and that would be where I would
try to sell short at so for back testing
purposes that's what I'll do now today
all of you have the luxury and benefit
of having more resources to trade in a
practice account where you have live
data formulating and and creating these
individual candlesticks dynamically so
you're seeing something that like people
like myself in older than than I am
where we were literally using paper
charts that we handrew individual
candlesticks like that's how we did it
back then
so I'm going to show you how I have
taught my private mentorship students
and how I
would teach individual one-on-one so
when I used to do long long time ago
when I used to do one-on ones this is
how I taught my students how to
desensitize themselves because do you
ever fear getting into a
trade I mean chances are you probably
had that that that feeling before where
you feel confident that you know where
the Market's going to go you feel
confident that it's about to do that
move where you think it's going to run
to it but you're just reluctant to push
the button you're just afraid and I had
to overcome my fear of being short now
as a buyer because that's pretty what I
was doing in 1992 when I first
started I could just go in here and just
buy because I didn't care I I thought
that everything was going to go up based
on the indicators I had so I didn't have
any fear whatsoever even if I took
losses and even if I blew accounts in
'90s it's
something that was not as scary for me
as it should have been because my in my
desire to get out of the Rat Race my
desire to learn how to do this
consistently was overwhelming by
contrast to the fear that I would have
had and at the time experienced because
it wasn't like I wasn't afraid I was
afraid but it was so small in comparison
to my driven passion to get the hell out
of the rat race of working because I
worked a lot of hours and worked six
days week so every waking moment every
chance I had to to to study price to
study the markets I was pouring myself
into it but I still had an under the
surface fear of entering trades like
that that was there it was magnified
extremely um almost to the degree of
paralysis when it became time for me to
want to start being a short seller and I
had to do that because the market was
changing and it was going into bearish
um conditions and and every time I would
try to take a long it would slap me down
and if I'm only going to be a Perma bu
meaning I'm only going to try to be a
buyer only and never try to be short
selling either I'd have to sit on my
hands a whole lot more than I was
willing to do and or I'm just going to
have
to Conde concede and say I'm not going
to be profitable and I can't trade and
that's that wasn't going to be the the
case so I had to go in and look for ways
to uh do what my mentor Larry Williams
said he had to do he just said he just
took trades just kept pushing the button
and he didn't care whether you made
money or not so I was like you know I'm
going to try that I'm GNA I'm going to
try to do that and and desensitize
myself and it wasn't easy it was very
difficult to do that but you have the
benefit of having a demo account and a
paper trading account where you can do
actual executions like I'm going to show
you today like we're going to do a lot
of them today I want to remind you that
these are drills okay this is to number
one teach Caleb how to enter with a
limit order and those of you that don't
know how to use limit orders to get into
the marketplace so that way you can get
really good pricing for your entries for
your Longs and your shorts you're going
to learn that today it's a very short
simple little process but I want to
remind you that what we're going to be
talking about and what I'm going to be
pushing the button on today they are not
meant to be viewed as trades okay these
are not Robin Robins Cup World cup entry
type trades these are not the entries
that you saw last night these are going
to be simply going in and trading off of
intraday volatility you're going to see
me lose trades today okay it's going to
happen it's not the point of making
money today it's not the point of being
accurate it's the point of you seeing
how to practice engaging price action
and you do this every single day for
weeks up to a few months every single
day you should practice it like this I
still do these types of things even
though I can trade with real money and
make real money I will go into the demo
account and paper trade these drills
I'll do it several times a day whenever
I'm bored it's like a form of meditation
I'll go in and I'll run executions I'm
doing it because it keeps me fresh it
keeps me tied into the marketplace it's
the first thing I do when I come back
from a vacation it's the first thing I
do when I come home and we've been away
from the home or if I've taken a day off
or if I've been sick if I have just had
a longer time away from Price action
because of some kind of economic counter
that said you know this is not something
I want to be a part of typically it's a
non-farm payroll week I teach my
students this very week we're we're
working in here you want to be done
trading by tomorrow at 11 o'clock so if
you haven't made your trades in the
index Futures by 11 o'clock tomorrow my
students that are brand new not their
not the mature students not the ones
that have learned their model and know
what they're doing
the brand new students the the people
that don't know their own model that
don't know their way out of a you know a
bad situation in the marketplace they
are the ones I say not to trade on this
week Wednesday Thursday and Friday you
absolutely can use my Concepts to trade
after non-farm payroll you absolutely
can trade after the 8:30 news event on
Thursday which is a preliminary
adjustment on the employment data from
the previous month those two days
Thursday and Friday of not from payroll
they're very
manipulated but if you know what you're
looking for and you're well versed and
you're mature you not just recently
started watching my videos then yeah you
can trade those days but when I talk I
take this idea of uh you can hear my
puppy snoring again hang on one second
because it Scout's getting really loud
again hold on one
sec
little Lumberjack here hold on one
e e
sorry about that had to grab
my glass of
OJ I forgot that was one the counter so
that way now I don't have to get up to
get that later on
so these these drills today okay I'm
going to type it out on the screen very
obnoxiously and bold because I
absolutely know that trolls are going to
take these P portion of the video and
they're going to say see ICT can't trade
see ICT can't find a winning trade see
ICT can't do this and they're going to
take it out of context
okay I want you to understand the
purpose and the premise of today's live
stream it is to teach how you can
overcome fear of entering into a
trade if you do this drill every single
day 15 20 times at minimum minimum 10
times a day okay and you'll see by using
smaller time frames it's very easy to do
it you don't need a a whole lot of time
invested I did the drill with my
students the other day um for like an
hour or so and I did 10 of them and I no
let's be honest I did nine of them I had
to come back later on at the end when I
said I was finishing the session I
wanted to round up to an even 10 so I
did one more exercise of it but I would
I would enter a trade I would show them
where I was in the trade where my limit
order would be to take a profit and
where my stop loss would be and I did
not care absolutely did not care about
any predetermined bias I was literally
working with the intraday volatility in
Asia of all sessions it's not even that
that you know that that typically is a
session that's volatile but when I do
the trade review that I did for last
night's example on Twitter I'll explain
why and how you can start looking for
Asian session moves because um I'm sure
that's probably come up in your mind
like how do I know when these sessions
are going to have these these types of
runs and when do I try to avoid them
predominantly I'll cover that today so I
could have added that to the title but
I'm not sure if the title would have fit
if I would have said everything I had in
the label entitling it saying limit
orders and volatility pinball drills and
how to trade Asian session it's just a
it's a long winded uh title so um I
think the title is enough to Intrigue
people to want to click and listen to it
they're probably not liking this big
long monologue but that's just the way I
roll and if you don't like it and you
can't sit through that kind of stuff I'm
probably not going to be the right
Mentor for you but go lose somebody
else's uh use somebody else's me methods
and stuff lose money then come back and
you'll be more prepared to listen so as
a
reminder you're encouraged if you're
watching it live okay because it's going
to be interactive it's going to be a
interactive study where you're going to
feel what it feels like to be in
constant buying and selling constant
buying and selling and executing with
limit
orders
placing limit orders as an
exit and you're not using a market order
you're not allowed to use a market order
you're not allowed to save the stop loss
as soon as we put it on it has to get
stopped out or it has to go to limit so
one of those orders have to happen and
what you're going to be doing is is
you're going to record and journal what
it feels like for you watching price
either paying out to the Target or
getting stopped out it's really
important for you to write down what you
feel now I'm going to tell you right off
the top the list what's going to happen
is it's going to feel
weird that I'm putting these these
trades on with no real logic except for
where's the closest buy side and sell on
a very small time frame that's all this
is this this is not a trading method one
of my students in one of the user groups
was like can we turn this into a trading
model because I made like 30 $3,800
$4,000 you know back and forth back and
forth and I showed losing trades too so
I I I want you to think about how if you
can look for small tiny little micro
structure liquidity
pools and you have
have
just small risk involved you're only
going to be using one contract you're
not allowed to use two you're not allow
you're not allowed to be pyramiding this
is not what this is about I'm going to
teach my son pyramiding in this
mentorship so that way he has the
lessons and you Al you also have the
lessons Okay but for this purpose today
we will only be seeing ICT do one
contract I will be buying and I will be
going short and we'll do this for a
length of time until either I get bored
with it or I've I've accomplished the
method which means that I'm GNA have to
at least do 10 of
them so we're going to spend some time
today looking at intraday volatility I
am not trying to frame a bias I am not
trying to go into the charts and say
here's what I think the draw on
liquidity is on the hourly chart the the
daily chart the weekly chart we're not
we're not going to refer to that with
the drills okay it's literally going to
be a 15-second chart with a one minute
and five minute basis okay so when it's
something that I can use on a FIV minute
chart I will show it to you but
predominantly I'm going to use a one
minute chart it is not underscore it is
not and when you see people go out there
making YouTube videos okay or they're
showing on social media that this is a
model for trading this is ict's Enigma
it's not Enigma okay it is absolutely
not Enigma my private mentorship
students were asking if this was Enigma
no Enigma doesn't lose like this okay
this is a drill this is to accomplish
getting over the the fear of executing
and entering it's to give you a baseline
evaluation and foundational read on you
internally what are you feeling when
you're in these types of executions are
you emphasizing the need to be right
because that's a problem are you
emphasizing the the desire inside to
close your trade cuz you you don't want
to get stopped out because that means
you're wanting to be
right uh are you fearful of having
losing trades more than a winning trade
but still being net positive that's a
problem so all these things are going to
help give you a baseline evaluation on
how you think but it's also going to
train you how to use limit orders
properly because there's no more Market
orders Market orders are just for me to
prove that there's no Market replay
being used because the in the upper
leftand corner when you're using Market
replay you don't see the buy and selling
buttons up there they they put them down
here in the lower left hand I'm sorry
lower rightand corner down here I don't
have the luxury of doing that with live
data I have to use the entry buttons up
here and that's why I do that but when
I'm trading with real money I'm trading
with limit orders the only time and this
is this is I got this from my mentor the
only time you have my permission to use
a market
order is to get out of a trade that you
absolutely know you're offside on or
it's about to turn on you just
completely close it and do Market order
like that done
simple because if you don't know what
you're doing it's going to be
Illustrated with you constantly just
using Market orders and if you don't
know what you're doing you're going to
be trading without a stop
loss
so hopefully after today you will not be
fearful of showing your examples without
a stop loss where your trade still
running and it has open profit and you
want to show everybody that cuz you want
a DOP mean hit stop doing that because
you're actually treat you're teaching
and training your body and mind to
anticipate some public re reaction and
response to support
you I share these examples like I did
last night because number one I I think
that it's helpful to see the logic that
I have also introducing something that's
a little bit more advanced
and like I said I'll cover it I I'll
actually teach you what the Indigo entry
method is but it's it's a it's a slap in
the face the supply and demand so what
it really what it is and the idea of you
getting into a
trade how you overcome that fear I'm
teaching you how I did it nobody taught
it to me I didn't learn it in a book I
was
just passionate about getting over it
because I was I was tired of being
afraid of it I wanted to do it I knew I
had learn how to be a short seller and
this was my method of accomplishing
getting over that fear maybe you don't
have the fear of getting into a trade
maybe just you don't you don't have that
fear and that's great if you don't
that's wonderful but eventually if you
start trading with size that means
you're trading with you know more
contracts behind the position or Lots if
you're trading
Forex you're going to have that fear
come in it's going to happen at some
point you're going to hit a threshold
where okay yeah I could do one contract
yeah I could do five I can do 10 uh wait
a minute 20 you said wait wait 50
contracts you said I don't know about
that now it's it's that's a little scary
you'll eventually hit that that barrier
where you're
afraid but what you'll have to do is
lean on your experience well some of you
that are brand new you don't have any
experience to lean on except for just
clicking a button on a demo account with
no understanding of what you expect to
see you just want to find out what
happens when you do it that's a waste of
a demo that's a waste of your time
you're actually giving yourself bad
habits toxic thinking and you're
anchoring the expectation to the result
of the trade versus am I following a
process am I following a methodology a
model am I doing something
that with probabilities and statistical
results that I can measure in the past
that's back
testing am I following something I can
trust in regards
to sticking to this and then trusting
that the outcome will be favorable for
for me over a period of time not just
the next trade so it's important that
you understand when we start doing these
drills when you're watching me do this
it you're encouraged to do the same
thing now Jack legs out here are going
to be trying to do the opposite and
they're going to say see this is the
trade ICT was taking and this is what I
was doing the opposite we're doing
nothing about a competition today that
invitation still open but that's not
what this is today today is just
teaching my son how to get in with
multiple executions and and it also
helps you read price action and if you
journal every single session you do like
this like in in
your in your progress of journaling my
advice is for you to have either a
three- ring binder if you want to be
like me which is high touch over
high-tech or in your high-tech devices
where you're you're journaling have a
section for Price action uh uh drills
where you're literally going in and
doing what I'm going to show you today
and then what you'll do is you'll have a
first day of doing it Baseline now you
can't take that today as your experience
for you because you're basically you're
encouraged to to mimic what I'm doing
today so you already know that this is
not a trade signal because I never tell
you to take a trade I I don't ever want
anybody copying me because it gets under
my skin like I don't want someone to be
able to say that they took the same
trade and when I see people say oh you
took the same trade as I did or I took
the same trade as you did and you didn't
show me your execution you don't see you
don't see your executions and you get
proven that you need Market replay I'm
not going to like your post I'm not
going to hard it I'm not going to
comment on it because I don't believe it
and nobody else should believe it either
so because I'm I'm very guarded with my
executions because there's nobody out
there doing them like mine I have
students that can trade well with my
Concepts but they're not going to have
my executions they're not going to have
it so today you are encouraged you're
absolutely encouraged to mimic
everything I'm doing I'm going to walk
you through it so that way you'll be
able to put your limit order in before
price gets to my
so it's not going to be like you watch
mine get filled and delay in the live
stream that you can't catch up or keep
up with it you're going to have plenty
of time to do everything I'm willing to
do in front of you today okay my goal is
not to win more than I lose that's not
this that's not what the the procedure
is not based around that okay before
we're done in 2024's mentorship before
the end of this month you will see me
trading live it'll happen in front of
you and it'll be with the content
but before Caleb can do that and before
we even get to that point I want to at
least bridge the gap between not knowing
how to use the limit orders and what
it's what he has now and also how he
should practice and because you're all
ease dropping and listening you watching
and training with him at the same time
you're getting the experience just like
he is and sometimes if you're here live
he watches the video after the fact and
you have the benefit of being here live
so you actually have a little bit more
advantageous uh position than he does
because he works and his schedule
doesn't afford him to always be watching
the stream live or sitting next to me
so hopefully I've beat that you know to
death enough to know that when I type it
on the screen these are not live trades
these are not something to be profitable
on it's simply to desensitize yourself
desensitize yourself from the outcome of
the trade and just keep doing the E
entry mechanism that's all it is it's to
practice that but when you start
journaling and you log them every single
day at the end of the weekend you should
look at what you're doing in your
practice sessions and what's going to
happen is your eye is going to start
jumping to setups that you keep seeing
repeat doing this
drill and what will happen is you're
going to see setups that you've never
noticed before because you have either
got stopped out in this drill exercise
and you watch that paning out in the
opposite and then it illuminates that
idea wait a minute I see that and then
what you'll do is
in by like a a a default your your
subconscious will jump to this looks
like the last time I saw that so now I'm
going to do the drill going short not go
long and then what will happen is you
will start seeing a progress where in
the beginning you're probably going to
have a a whole lot of red losing
executions and it's not to hurt your
feelings it's not to make you feel bad
I'm certainly not going to be
embarrassed today if I have losing
trades that's not that's not the point
the point is you're getting experience
pressing the button and you're giving
yourself a baseline evaluation but you
can't take today's data as yours that's
you just copying me and I'm going to
have losing executions in this so you
can't look at that and say I did
something wrong and you can't look at
the ones I do right and say I did
something right speaking of yourself so
it's me doing it but I'm asking you as
the viewer to to do the same thing I'm
doing but you are to write down what
you're feeling when it happens are you
embarrassed for ICT the mentor when it
gets stopped out are you encouraged when
it works in your favor are you trying to
make it out to be more than it really is
are you trying to think that this is
some kind of a new model that I'm
leaking no it's not a subliminal signal
service either okay all it is is just an
exercise and a drill that I encourage
all my students to do this every single
day if you can do it multiple times like
if you can do it in the London session
the New York session the lunch hour and
the PM session do it you you have no
excuse why you should not be practicing
every single day you should always
practice I've been doing this for a long
time and I still practice I absolutely
still practice Tiger Wood still go he
still goes out there and he practices
his drives and his
putts I mean think about it you you got
to you got to keep the skill fresh and
and price action it's no different so it
constantly keeps you you know tied into
the marketplace so I'll give you enough
monologue let's get into it now the
uh the daily chart here it has a lot of
annotations I apologize but you know
we'll get to
it yesterday during the live
stream um I talked about how on the
weekly chart and this was a potential
draw that opened up the week for me as a
initial bias where I wanted to aim for
something in in that direction and I
also mentioned there was a small
separation between the body of this
Candlestick let me take these drawings
off just for a second again I
apologize um and again this is a daily
chart for Nasdaq December delivery
2024 daily and this candlestick's body
to this candlestick's body that
separation between the open of this
candle and the close of that candle that
is by definition a volume of balance if
and this is something I had to um come
back and retouch on today because I
didn't like my uh description of this
because it wasn't sufficient more
accurately is when we have a volume IM
balance like this and the candle that
creates the the first candle that makes
the volume imbalance like we have here
this be candle one this is candle two if
the one has a volume IM balance to the
left of it like it does here and the
body is inside of this candle and this
candle body as we see here in other
words this candle's open this candle's
closed the candle in the
middle its body is inside those two
price points okay this is a very
specific PD array I'm not going to tell
you its name because everybody's going
to go out there and start making books
about it but I'm going to teach you
something else about this very
particular PD in a book you don't need
to buy my you don't you don't need to
buy my books okay once the books are in
print and they're in circulation and
people can have it and has ISBN number
attached to it I will talk about those
things on my YouTube channel so again
this is not a it's not a pitch to buy my
books I'm not going to get rich buying
by you buying my books I'm only dlion
sale they can put it in in print form in
its true form because a lot of people
already put out my stuff in incomplete
fashion and they're going to look real
stupid in a couple months when it by
contrast their books are horeshit but
this PD array is inside of a volume in
balance and a previous volume in Balance
this candle's body has to be inside of
the the two candle surrounding it when
it's surrounded by a volume balance on
both sides so as I told you yesterday
you would note that by
encompassing the
first to the second and then draw that
out in time like
this okay
so this is a specific PD array and we
can use this information now I'm going
to take that off and we're going to go
back and add the drawings and now in
this area I'm going to add it
back like
this and then I'm also going to add the
Fibonacci so I can put the quadrants on
it
because we grade everything in ICT
grading is where we take a inbalance or
a price
range and we put it in a a measurement
of where's equilibrium the halfway point
and the quadrants within it so that way
we can anticipate we're not reacting to
some kind of thing in the future we
anticipate PD arrays forming around
these quadrant levels oh what does that
mean oh you're about to find out so if
if you put put the FIB
[Music]
on the
low to the
high and then you add
the
quadrants and I'm going to thicken this
up a little bit make him a little bit
obnoxious I see something obnoxious from
him
no so uh we
have this area I mentioned yesterday in
the live dream okay and it's it's
towards the beginning and we were still
talking about the daily chart so you can
go back and find it and it's it's there
but uh this portion of that is something
I didn't cover yesterday because I was
trying to get through
the this until we got into uh reading
the real price action live but um now I
can go back into a one minute
[Music]
chart and we're going to go over
to Asia last
[Music]
night all right so using the PD array
that I outlined in live stream yesterday
not picking not form fitting not trying
to find something to justify because ICT
has something to always explain
something so it can look right it just
so happens that I'm so [__] good that
I look right all the time that's their
that's the problem it's a superiority
complex for people um if you have that
problem it's it's something for you to
work out but here is the details here is
the high and before I did the trade I
went to my private mentorship students
and Thomas said annotate 20,
287 now that's no different from me
being on Twitter when I used to go note
this level so what I'm indicating is
that's where my focus is at that given
moment I want to see does the market
provide me some kind of a framework does
it run to a pool of liquidity does it
run to inefficiency that is a
discount that's what that's that's
what's implied by that I have to see the
setup form in price around the time of
day that it should form so if I'm
anticipating not reacting if I'm
anticipating a run to take out this
liquidity or just to Simply repic to it
which is all I was willing to do because
I wanted to get to bed last night kind
of early and uh Asia For the Working
Class Heroes like in the United States
uh if you can't trade any New York
session because you're working or you
can't get up early enough for London
because you have to go to work and work
prevent you
from having sleep
deprivation or you're at work and you
can't trade at PM session or the lunch
hour in New York so what does that mean
you're kind of like limited just to Asia
right and today I'm going to talk about
this will be the last thing I'm talk
about before I close the stream out but
I'll teach about Asia and when to
anticipate Asia setups that you can go
in and and at least reasonably expect
that you'll have something that you can
trade and it's favorable not every
single day Asia something good okay so
I'll kind of give you the talking points
for that today and then close the stream
out with that we're going to be together
here till probably 10:30 so like I told
you the these are going to be the
longest ones of all of the 2024
mentorship but you want to learn this is
what this is what it costs cost a little
bit of time so if you recall on the
daily chart this blue shaded area I drew
out that's is represented by both of
those volume IM balances okay from the
high of the box down to the low of the
Box all these other levels in here are
just simply levels that we used
yesterday in the live stream and or
mentioned where they came from which is
the new week opening Gap and obviously
this is the new day opening Gap here
um notice that
in this price action in
here remember this is the
draw that was my interest my private
mentorship student students know
beforehand that this is what I was
looking for as soon as I asked on
Twitter do you need a dose okay and
that's like me asking do you want to see
me do a vignette vignette is where I
actually do an execution recorded from
beginning to end and I put some kind of
song at the time that I was either
listening to or came to mind and I put
it on there and it's kind of like you
know it's my meditation and some of you
like it as an artwork but uh I like
doing it but
as soon as I said you want to see a dose
I had several students say I know you
traded the relative equal
highs so that tells you they've been
around the block with me for a while so
they know so if we can see in that blue
shaded
box notice what happens
here price drops
down from in here they leave relative
equal highs so what are they doing their
engine in liquidity why is that useful
because they're going to come down to
clean up these smooth
lows now I don't have the time when I
turn the chart on because I went to
Telegram and told my group I said
listen watch the
20, 287 level buy side
NQ and no you cannot get in my telegram
channel it's just for private mentorship
students I am not doing a mentorship
again ever in the future you cannot buy
your way into the group I am not giving
them signals I'm not doing anything that
would make you want to get into it it's
just us hanging around individuals that
are all like-minded and I feel
comfortable talking to them I still have
leakers in there that's why I don't
teach them anything extremely Advanced I
come out in the public and then I ask
them do they have questions I
predominantly will use their questions
in my delivery on the things I'm talking
about today and when I'm doing live
streams sometimes I'll use somebody's
comment in the YouTube comment section
sometimes but they're only going to the
ones that are followers of the channel
if you're not following me on the
channel I'm not really paying much
attention to your comment
so once I posted that I was interested
in 20287 buy side
NQ I was waiting for the market to give
me something to run on so that means I
have to wait for the
manipulation and this was
it they they create these relative equal
highs and they drive it down
aggressively
this area here can you agree that that
is absolutely too perfect like this is a
classic example that would be in every
support and resistance book John Murphy
would have this in his book technical
analysis of the financial
markets which is the Bible for retail
trading every single one of you
listening to my voice you better have
electronic PDF format or a hard copy of
John
Murphy's technical analysis of the fin
financial markets that book is the Bible
for retail
Traders and I am
absolutely on the on the hunt for
everything that's in that book I want to
be diametrically opposed to it and when
my concepts are arm wrestling anything
in that book my stuff's beating the
living hell out of it literally handing
its ass to it
so to understand how a retail Trader
thinks
that book will help you I am not telling
you to read that book to subscribe to
any of those views zero zero affinity
for anything in there nothing nothing in
that book zero is useful except for
knowing what it looks like through a
retail perspective mindset so they they
will see when the market does this and
this and it runs out soon as it trades
Above This High what are they going to
do they're going to chase it they're
going to be a breakout Trader okay
so how that would work is when the
market was ticking like this and creates
this little high as soon as this candle
does that and closes they're immediately
going to put a a buy stop order right
there to buy on a
breakout when I'm reading
price I'm looking for areas where they
have done that
already so here they're they're long
entered I'm sorry they're long has been
entered entered on here if they use the
buy
stop so in this little area here which
is happens to be also yesterday's
what new day opening gap which is for
today's date that's why it's dated here
okay uh the folks that are doing their
trading view indicator um you have to
use the date that's
after the 600 p.m. eastern time whatever
that date is 6 P p.m. eastern time that
creates the new day opening Gap you have
to roll your date forward one day and
then you've answered the the things that
I would say that that is now correct so
I can't cosign anybody because they're
not doing that yet but the uh because if
you don't have them annotated you're
going to get lost in the sauce and you
can't do that you have to know what your
levels are so retail would be long here
and they're feeling good about this
because sometimes retail Traders are in
profitable positions they don't
necessarily believe you know what I
believe but they believe that their
indicators their strategy of breaking
out buying them momentum selling
momentum that that's the that's the
secret recipe and it's not you're just
catching a little Tailwind but if you
hold on to it too long it'll turn back
around on you and what do they do they
see
this and it runs up and they're hoping
it's going to break out again here they
deny
them and anyone that bought on a
breakout here they're going to have
their stop loss right there so I have
two reference points that I'm watching
after I told my private mentorship group
20287 I want to see how it trades
here and if it's going to go below here
what can it reasonably go to well this
clear obvious actual Gap this is a
common Gap okay so this common Gap is in
close proximately to what the
original onset or
um the Inception of the move which is
based on what one two equal Lo's so
retail sees this as what support so if
anyone that went long on a buy a
breakout
here initially their stop loss is going
to be below here because they see this
as protection it's being defended in
their
eyes anyone that would have Trail their
stop loss would be right below this Wick
so I have to watch and see how does
price behave does it go down to this
level here and if it goes below here
does it careine through that and dive
into this because if it goes into here
like that then I know all I have to do
is wait for Price to Book underneath
these
lows so when it does this drop down in
here it's not only just going below the
lows but it's going into that upper
quadrant of those
dual volume balances on the daily
chart remember I put the Fibonacci on it
let me scrunch up the chart and you'll
see
it the low of it lower
quadrant midpoint Point upper quadrant
and the high remember it's the two
volume imbalances that I'm encapsulating
on a daily chart listen to yesterday's
live stream when I'm talking about the
daily chart I tell you that that is how
you look at it today I'm teaching you
how to refine that and get the
algorithmic perspective of where the
Market's going to go based on those two
individual volume in balances and frame
them logically you're not going to find
that in any else in anything else it's
not anywhere else okay but look what the
price is
doing not only is it just going below
the lows but it's going right to the
upper quadrant of that level so I'm
anticipating listen I'm anticipating I'm
[__] predicting I'm not reacting I'm
predicting the future I'm predicting
where my PD arrays are going to form now
watch folks anybody that's watching with
supply and demand [__] in their mind
watch really pay attention to this
because I'm about to smash that [__] on
the rocks
a demand
Zone means that there's some kind of
buying that's taking place some kind of
propulsion higher that sent price higher
so they're going to react off of that
when it gets back down into it well that
this goes right at the [__] window
because now we're below these
lows so where's the demand Zone here
we're we're below all these
lows we traded down here see that on the
one minute chart I highlight the volume
imbalance right here as the down Clos
candle closes but doesn't take out that
Wick listen because this is not supply
and demand Sam sidon take good notes
buddy take some good [__] notes that
volume bounce is the first thing I draw
out I know that once we get above soon
as this Candlestick closes it opens here
my eye sees that volume imbalance as
this candlesticks CL closing like this
and mind I'm thinking I want to see that
Candlestick close just like you're
seeing it close there and leave that
volume IM balance right there that's
shaded that little box that little drawn
that rectangle I want to see that stay
just like that because when it does this
I know that when this candle stick or
the next candle after it would go up
it's going to come right back down into
that level right there why why do I
believe that that's going to happen and
why is it going to why is it going to
act as a discount array why should it be
bullish well the liquidity over here has
been purged we traded down to an
algorithmic price point where if I'm
going to be accurate about
anticipating predicting how a PDR is
going to form when and how they're going
to
form it needs to go to a level that I
anticipate having a reaction at see I
don't trust in diagonal support and
resistance which is like diagonal
support trend lines
Diago resistance trend lines I don't
look at the market like that I don't
look at Classic support and resistance
I'm looking at liquidity I'm looking at
levels that you're not necessarily
seeing in your chart this level here
this quadrant level none of you are
going to see that you're not going to
see that no other school of thoughts
going to show you this level here it's
not going to happen that's not happening
okay so I have tools I have resources in
my repertoire that afford me a
visibility over price that none of you
have and I'm showing this to you so that
way you can appreciate number one that
it's not just simply a down closed
candle that makes an order block and
it's not a demand Zone because a demand
Zone would have some kind of an anchor
over here and it's not we're below the
lows that is not in supply and
demand and it doesn't just do a drop
down into some random level it's going
to a level that I've outlined in a PD
array that you live stream
yesterday
guys stop with the [__] in the telegram
you should be watching the the live
stream not
commenting now everybody's going to say
canot join your mentorship no and don't
[__] send me emails you cannot do you
can't join it I'm not doing another one
in the future I'm teaching mentorship
right now in case you haven't noticed
I'm doing it right now it's [__] free
why do you want to send me money stop
I'm teaching for free it's just relax
and take notes okay so this down closed
candle here has a volume imbalance over
top of
it the Indigo entry model is a run on
stops border block with a volume
imbalance on top of
it okay that's the Indigo entry
model that's all I'm going to say here
there's going to be more things to it
but I you already know what's going to
happen it's going to be on Instagram
it's going to be on telegram it's going
to be in Discord channels it's going to
be on YouTube videos and there's going
to be some kind of a booklet put on
Amazon before we get the next weekend
okay ict's Indigo model entry you know
stop that [__] okay because nobody's
buying it it's not going to be taught in
in entirety until it gets in the print
but I'm showing you things that haven't
been taught before but there's it's
leaning on logic that I've already
introduced which is what there has to be
one of two things happening for your
entry it's going to go to liquidity
which we clearly see and I think any
anybody with the you know Common Sense
can see that that would be sell stocks
below these relative equal lows right I
mean it goes without
saying
but if it's not going to liquidity to
create the long entry it's going to go
down to a discount
inefficiency which is
what here that's an actual common Gap so
in your chart it could be drawn out like
this
this that would be a reasonable
expectation
assuming
that these relative equal lows were not
there now your question is going to be
well how do you know not to buy in here
and how do you know they weren't going
to just leave those relative equal lows
here because sometimes you do trades and
you short underneath relative equal
highs and the trade pans out and
or you'll go long in situations like
this where there'll be relative equal
lows and you'll get into a a gap and you
won't be fearful of getting stopped down
here because I'm I'm teaching that right
now to you right here okay
because we drop down like this and there
this swing low is sitting inside of that
new day opening Gap that's already
enough as a draw there's several factors
there for the price that at least want
to get there but if it's going to go
there to for the purpose of going below
it for trail stop-loss orders for anyone
that's going long on a breakout here
like retail Traders would to get below
that well what's the first level it
would be the low of the new day opening
gap which is too insignificant for me so
what's below that this common
Gap now if this low would have went
lower then I'd be going long there and
it wouldn't be the Indigo entry model or
most likely probably wouldn't have done
it the Indigo entry is simply an order
block inside of liquidity with a volume
and balance on top of it okay so it's
it's a a combination of several factors
but the main thing is it's going to
liquidity and I didn't and I wouldn't
have used this inefficiency here because
these are too smooth so if it's going to
go below this low here it's going to go
into this gap which watching it it did
then I simply have to sit and wait wait
for it to get down into this liquidity
once it did it I want to see it touch
that upper quadrant on those dual volume
IM balances on the daily chart which I
told you about yesterday now imagine if
I wouldn't have told you that yesterday
this would have looked like some mumbo
mumbo jumbo [__] right it would have
been like some contrived madeup nonsense
right and that's what some of these
individuals that think that what I'm
teaching has no validity because it
hasn't been any of their books they
don't have a hero to look up to I'm an
anti- Guru I'm an anti-hero okay so I'm
I'm going to be
divisive but I'm teaching you the very
things I'm doing that arrive at these
Stellar entries and they're not linked
to anything else they're mine they're
all mine and I'm lending them to you
okay you don't own them
so no I wouldn't Buy in here I want to
see this trade to it and through
it remember every PD array is isn't
intended to stop price in its tracks
it's not it's not designed to do that
it's to give you Intel about what to see
in price action if it trades below this
low I want to see it trade into this Gap
here and go right through it like a
knife through butter hot knife right
through butter and it does so so it
means I know I'm going to be waiting for
it to trade below these lows and then
where and how far below the equal loads
am I going to reach for the upper
quadrant level and then if I get
an order block the down closed candle in
this case we had the volume balance on
top the order block so I'm highlighting
that in the video you watch me do
this and then on the 30 second chart
over
here which I'm not going to be able to
do that here because you have to watch
the video again if you want to see me
post the long version of that video of
me executing on the YouTube channel it's
a little bit long I just know that when
I post them like that even when people
speed it up to two times the regular
playback speed I know they're not going
to watch the entire run and that's why I
don't like doing it because it's it's a
waste of my time waiting for it to
compress and then upload it so that's
why I also do it in short form version I
speed it up and I put song on it to kind
of hold your attention because everybody
has Tik Tok mentality so I trick the
viewers into thinking they're watching a
30- second Tik Tok but because they're
music playing whether you like the genre
or not you're either bitching about the
the the Music Choice I've made made or
you're sitting there cussing at saying
oh you've you've lost 15 times this is
the one you got right so I have to hold
your attention on a video that's not
monetized so where's the logic behind
that right so as price creates the
volume inbalance and this candle trades
up above it I know that I'm going to see
it trade back down into this area why
why would I expect that because if you
look real
close this is worth paid mentorship
price and you're getting it for free
ain't that
awesome this separation between this
candlestick's body and this
candlestick's body that's the Shaded
area I'm highlighting this Candlestick
delivery does what it drops and lays
down a
body how with buy side delivery see that
so when it does this once the volume in
balance is
created and we're we're down here
opening on this candle down here it
trades up so what is it doing it's
laying down a bide delivery body so now
what does it need
now what does it
need red delivery down into this
area watch the executions as it's doing
that I'm going long and as it touches in
the top of the volume of balance here
I'm going long again I'm adding and
then this Gap I'm watching do the
bodies fill in and respect that area as
well so so watch over here
look it's missing buy side and sell
side the Wicks I ignore them because
they do the damage there's no body on
this candle here it's the open and close
the same thing so I'm ignoring that
entirely my focus is primarily on the
the volume and balance between these
two see
that so there are times when using the
rules I'm giving you and they'll be
black and white true easy to follow it's
not always just this there's other
things you have to look for but a volume
imbalance is not simply just using two
two consecutive candles you have to look
at the same way I did the daily chart
think about it is it not any is it any
difference here no because the body of
this candle is is the open and the
close so what is it there is no
body the low of the candle and the high
of the candle here and then the open and
close is the same price so if you use
the open or the close and refer to as
the body of that candle is that still is
it still same thing you're seeing when I
talked about yesterday where you have a
volume in balance between this
candlestick's closed and the open of
this candle that's a volume in balance
it would look like
this technical
science see that volume and balance and
then the other one would be
this yeah how about that that's a volume
imbalance but but I'm teaching you they
don't even look at like that this is how
you look at it for
real okay so the algorithm is ignoring
this candle stick entirely and focusing
on this that's what that's the reference
point that's the array it refers back to
and you can see the
bodies I'm sorry the uh the price action
in here we Wick outside it yes but look
what this does hammers it here comes
back
up rallies away so what is it
doing we have an absence of buy side and
sell-side delivery on on the B's
perspective we have wicks in here but we
have an actual gap between this
candlestick's low and this candlestick's
high so there's a real separation or
real common
Gap that's not my term that's just what
it is generically when there's no
trading in there that is a real
liquidity void by definition this is a
liquidity void okay this down is not a
liquidity
void this is a liquidity void because
there's no there's no printed Mark to
Market uh orders executed between this
candlestick's high and this
candlestick's low so that makes this a
real liquidity void or common Gap okay
well if you look what happens over here
we have sells side delivery through
that and then we have buy side delivery
through that see that big huge Paradigm
Shift ready watch this it's missing both
buy side and cells side delivery between
these two candlesticks points high and
low respectively cells side delivery
think about that paint roller analogy
you have paint on your roller and you're
applying it to the wall and you draw the
roller down so you have really good
supply of pain in that little white
shaded area now you're going to start
rolling the paint roller back up and you
see that happen on this candle you see
that so between this candle portion here
on the down close and this Candlestick
right here on the up close price has
been offered both
directions it's offered sells side
delivery and buy side
delivery this little area now has become
balanced but what can still happen with
the
Wicks they can do the
damage so you have to refer back to that
volume IM balance in its true form which
is here
see that now I already know there's
about 90% of you saying [__] this [__]
this is too complicated I didn't get the
algebra I quit school I didn't graduate
this is [__] I ain't trying to learn
this man [__] this guy I understand I
understand I'm not teaching Precision to
everyone it's only for the strong you
want to take trades like I showed last
night what I showed here
[Music]
look at
them look at those
executions you see any Market replay up
here okay that was done with live data
live not Memorex so some you like what
the [__]
memx the uh the
delivery in
between these two price points
here you want world class trading you
want world class executions you can
learn it from me but it requires this if
you don't want to put this kind of level
of work ethic behind it and try to study
you're never going to get it you don't
need this to be profitable don't mistake
what I'm showing you here you can make
very simple bread and butter income and
never ever ever go into this degree of
technical science and it gets further
deep in the rabbit hole this this stuff
like this is still
nothing but if you want to go to the
degree of world class execution and
seeing setups that the average Bearer in
the industry isn't going to recognize or
even anticipate they wouldn't even know
how to react to this type of trade like
they wouldn't even know how to do
it and I'm nailing it down I'm nailing
it
down you have to study what I'm teaching
you so the cell side delivery here in
this small little white box okay what
I'm talking about specifically is see
the top of the weight box here look at
where the black down closed candle
touches that upper portion of that
weight area to the lower area that
segment of the Black Candle coupled with
this up Clos candle here this portion of
the white area when it touches It And
Trades up to the high end of it right
there at that moment this little area
has
becom what I just say has become
balanced but what can happen still the
Wix can do the damage that means it can
color outside of that white box but look
closely even though that we go back to
that reference point of of the actual
volume IM balance
here my eye is watching all these things
I don't need to draw the lines I'm my
eye is teying up on what I just showed
you relative to this Candlestick here
and this Candlestick here which tells me
that when this
Candlestick here opens and it trades
down I know that this is just a wick
it's not going to close down like that
it's going to open here trade down and
come right back up and then it closed
High where is the body stopping at it's
inside of this little separation over
here it's on the high end of it and then
the next candle here we open we trade
down and stops dead in its tracks right
to the tick over here what's this
candlestick's uh closing price
you're going to look up at this
upper value here
okay 20,
229.5 so 2950 okay what's the low of
this Candlestick here you're going to
look right here look at that value
what's that candlestick's
low
2950 to the [__] tick to the
tick you awake now now you're sorry I
got that audio fix aren't
you oh [__] it's [__] delicious so
when we see it trade down like that what
is it doing it's doing the damage
outside of this area that's been
rebalanced with this Candlestick here
but now let's go back in and see what
it's
done once you understand what you're
looking for you don't have to have the
annotations on your chart your eye will
just go to these things but see how the
body stops and rests on top that white
box and the body stays above that white
box it only does the damage to the
downside stopping out anyone that wants
to Trail a stop loss up if they're
absolutely long and think about it
think watch the recording as the
Market's dropping down with that Wick
I'm buying
it
think I'm not worried about that thing
careening down here lower taking out
what you might think is relative equal
lows
I'm looking at how it took the liquidity
out over here inside of a
macro what what what' you say
there what time is this
drop when's it
occurring we're up here at
8:10 so we're in the last portion of
that 750 to 810 macro so where's the
liquidity well what what has just
happened
we left these relative equal lows here
so on this candle we start doing what
spooling remember that I give you a time
window that means it's going to start it
doesn't mean your trade goes to Target
there it just means that it starts to
spool spool for what ICT what does that
mean it means price is going to run in a
direction to a
inefficiency above or
below and
or to a pull of liquidity above or below
market price so what has happened at
that point look to your
left retail bought a
breakout retail trusts these relative
equal lows they think that's support so
the macro is going to go down and
cannibalize
them
stop draws right to my level upper
quadrant
dual volume and balances on the daily
chart dual volume and balances on a a
one minute chart same logic same things
going on here
okay but when it trades down and creates
this down close candle I want to be
trading inside of this open to its high
or the wick this little area in here
that is my order block that's my that's
my prized entries I want to have my
entries thrown in anywhere inside of
this this is the watering hole
and I'm the
cheetah and I'm running
down my dinner I
know that the Market's going to
offer time and price
inside that little that little white
area so when price is in that area I'm
trying to capitalize by going along in
it and then I'm using this balance price
range here that was a
former common Gap
I'm seeing the signatures that this is
exactly what it should do here so
anything on the downside I wanted to add
one more when it was trading down in
here but that's just I had enough I was
like okaye it's good enough and then I
set everything in motion I add added the
annotations for the minor bide liquidity
pools and then rally look at the
delivery here look at that look at this
Candlestick over here what's this
candlestick's low you're going to look
at this value right here at the top of
the chart look at this candle's low
20, 231.50 so 231 and a
half what's this candlestick's low here
20, 231 and a half folks listen listen
listen Sam sidon would [__] love it
if he could have [__] had something
that told you that Elliot wave wished
the [__] he could [__] talk to you
like this language he wished he could
have he's still on the [__] beach
he's waiting for the right wave I'm
riding every [__] wave every [__]
wave buying and selling up down up down
I can do it all day long but it's based
on things that are not in your [__]
books it's something that's going on
behind the scenes okay you never ever
ever see anybody yeah ICT is talking
about a gap there's always been gaps
he's that like he invented a gap no no
no no I didn't invent that Gap I codify
the concept of trading that Gap even
after it's been filled in to a precision
level degree that nobody's ever touched
on so yeah I'm the daddy so we rally up
and what do we go back into new Daye
opening gap for today October 1st
where's the body start right at the low
of the new day open Gap and then it
trades up closes above it and then we
open here and where's the logo down to
the low of the new day open Gap see it
look at that that's perfect folks and
you're sitting here looking for harmonic
[__] patterns you're looking for
indicators open high low and close and
the time of the
day that's your indicators that's all
you need you don't need anything now I
dress up my chart to show you these
things because I have to be able to draw
your attention to what frame of
reference I'm using I don't have all
this stuff on my charts because number
one it takes time to draw this [__]
out because I'm using a 15-second chart
think about how many things you can do
inside of 15 seconds I'm first I'm
reading the price action I'm matching
what I know algorithmically to what I've
taught you as a language and I'm waiting
for the language talking point which is
the PD array to appear in the chart so
that way I can draw your attention to it
but I already know where the PD arrays
are going to form like I already know
where they're going to be that's the
part that you don't understand that's
the part that I am going to allow you to
understand that that is me being
absolutely [__] arrogant because I
know something you're never going to
learn the closest thing I can take you
to is what I've taught you in this
language my PD arays are going to get
you as close as I possibly
can without divulging what I'm not
willing to teach you and for some of you
that is a big sticking point and you
want to say I can't be mentored by you
because you're not being honest you're
not being upfront with me you're hiding
things from me I'm not hiding everything
I'm hiding what I have to hide but I'm
teaching you everything you need and
more like you don't need to know this
this entry model like you don't need to
know these things here you don't need to
know that this is simply optim optimal
Trend entry uh was sufficient enough the
silver bll was sufficient enough the
model 2022 was sufficient
enough so and now Caleb has a model you
first present the fair value gap between
9:30 and 10 o'clock then using it with a
bias for uh for one trade in the session
in the morning like I can do this every
single day the rest of my life and it'll
be a unique model and never overlap
it'll never ever overlap there's never
any overlapping there's three constants
to every one of my models though you
ready
time why should price
move why did price move those are two
questions as it relates to
time it's going up for inefficiency or
buy side or it's going down for
inefficiency or sell side
that's it those are the three primary
core
content principles of every single price
action model that I have or every
execution or every idea about getting
into a trade those three primary pillars
they're always in every single one of
them but not every single one of those
models are going to operate or execute
on the same
basis let me ask you this what would it
be like for you to say
wow I like these these common gaps here
like this and I I like that because it
makes sense I can see it's it's not
ambiguous at all it's a real actual Gap
and if I'm bullish I can wait for
confirmation when the market trades
above it I'm going to try to just go in
there and get an entry there and then
I'll use a stop loss based on the lowest
low and that would be my
model entering in this area here once we
trade above it this next candle we trade
into it so you'd be filled there and
your stop loss would be
low okay it's only what 13 handles
that's not big that's not a large
stop but what would what would prevent
you from using that as your model
nothing except for you deciding that's
what your model is is it a bad model
absolutely [__] not it's a wonderful
model It's a Wonderful entry mechanism
entry mechanism
Stellar but it's not sexy it doesn't
have a cool name around it I don't have
a video where I'm playing music around
it and I'm showing up $20,000 win off of
using it but it had its place in what I
did last
night it had its place in it and my
focal points is what I'm showing you
here you all want to see these books in
your hands and you want to learn from
them I'm giving you more detail than I'm
going to be able to put in those books
the books are just going to be this this
this this this but if you don't know the
things I'm teaching on this YouTube
channel that book that you first acquire
it's not not going to feel like it's
taught you much it's going to feel like
it's something's missing yeah the
missing part is you haven't gone through
my lectures here it's going to it's
going to take you right back to this
YouTube channel so why are you rushing
me to get those books they're pissing me
off about the covers I want my cover the
way I want it and they're trying to
argue with me about you know what they
want to sell it for what they want to
make on it and the cost it's going to be
my way my way or I'm going to go to
different publisher it's simple
so and that's another reason why I keep
saying public that don't buy my books
because I want them to see I don't give
a [__] about making money off of books
that's not why I'm doing it and push
comes to sh I'll self publish it I don't
give a [__] but the point is
this when we're looking for
trades one of two things have to happen
at the time of day that it should so
excluding time because that's the first
Factor
obviously is price going to an
inefficiency well this one here was to
see if it wants to go through it first
and it went through it that means that I
can wait now comfortably that we're
going to get below these relative equal
lows right here how far
below upper quadrant of the Dual volume
and balance on the daily chart that I
taught you
yesterday wait for the down closed
candle to form laying over top of the
upper quadrant that is the qualifier
that's the thing that I trusted about it
how do you know that it wasn't going to
keep going lower it could have it could
have went lower and it could have
stopped me out no problem then I would
have waited for something up here to get
long
one I Knew by them dropping it here like
this that was them just
upsetting this smooth area over here
because retail sees that and trusted as
support and they mean that means they
they have orders underneath there and
the orders that were underneath there I
waited for them to get engaged and then
this Candlestick right here soon as we
crossed this candlestick open that
movement right there I don't need it to
close there either as soon as it did
that that validates this as a bullish
order
block okay I don't need it to trade
above the Candlestick to be an engulfing
candle that's what makes a order Block
it's ICT the [__] you guys don't
know the [__] you're talking about an
order block is validated when you have
other factors around the idea that the
market should turn I already anticipate
the market
Turney I'm already anticipating and
predicting where my order block is going
to form I can predict where the fair
value gaps are forming I've done it in
live streams I've done it in executions
I've done this before in front of you
you're not going to find someone else
out there telling you where my PD aray
are going to form that's why you got to
stop listening to these people if you
want to watch them because they're
showing you how they use the information
I have no problem with that I have no
problem with that but if they're out
there trying to actively teach you my
stuff and they're selling you mentorship
here I need to teach you smart money
Concepts or ICT Concepts they're [__]
lying out their ass okay they're they're
just winging it they're doing the best
they can but they're not really teaching
they're demonstrating their correct
their current understanding but they're
not correct because they don't have
everything that goes along with it and
when they're losing it's because they
don't know everything around it and I'm
not saying I'm 100% but if I run Enigma
I'm not losing that that's what I'm
trying to explain to you without saying
it but I'm gonna face this tell you if I
run Enigma not Yin and yangang [__]
okay when I run Enigma it's [__]
Flawless it's up down all day long all
day long I cannot use
that I cannot use that there's no way
that I can just go out there and just
run ramp it with that because I will
have visitors okay I'm not going to have
that I'm not going to have it so what I
do is I take you as close as I can and I
taught you a language that gives you
some of the information that allows me
some of it you only need one thing one
thing one setup a week and you don't
need your job
anymore and most of you don't even
realize
that I'm going to hopefully guide my son
Caleb right out of his Working Class
Hero
job it may take till spring but that's
what we're watching okay we're watching
this laboratory experiment I tried it
with Cameron he wasn't able to do it
because he's too immature he's too video
game minded
Caleb admittedly is a little bit harder
to teach because his focus is easily
distracted and he has attention deficit
and
it's you see how it is uh what we
talking it's it's hard for most people
to follow me because they're just not
equipped to to listen to this stuff and
I can go off on tangents for a little
bit and come right back to it and it's
annoying um but that's just who I am and
I'm not going to and I I can't change so
if it's a bothersome thing for you eat
it eat it eat it eat it eat it okay
because there's nothing else I can do
but this but once we have the entries in
here then I simply allow the
profit phase to unfold that means the
portion where the price starts to run in
your favor and you just simply Let It Go
and it trades
to the top of the Dual volume and
balances on the daily chart which is
this area here and then what does it
create a volume IM balance
this can act as a breakaway Gap okay so
whenever you look for a level that's
going to be a threshold for determining
um the
uh the
strength okay or the magnitude of the
price run that you're a part of you
don't want to see it do something like
where it just trades to the top of that
blue line there and then come back down
you don't want to see that you want to
see it leave and either create a buy
sign and balance sell sign and
efficiency which is like the reverse of
this big down closed candle you want to
see something like that to the upside
and then when I see those types of
things where it's breaking out of a
higher time frame PD array I like to see
imbalances created there and then I like
to see them stay open don't take my word
for it look at every single one of my
examples you'll see that's actually
happening all the time I'll write down
optimal if it remains unfilled I'd like
to see this stay
unfilled optimal if doesn't come back
and trade to here something that that
fact I'm always drawing your attention
to what you later find out is a
breakaway Gap okay or if it's in the
middle of the move it could be a
breakaway Gap by definition but it's
half of the move so that means it's a
measuring Gap so that means that I have
another price leg equal to whatever the
per first portion was okay so what would
that mean what would that look like
we're going to say that if you're using
this logic here with that volume of
balance being equivalent to a measuring
Gap you could do something like this you
can go this is the beginning of the move
draw your your your FIB up to watch the
I got to drop this for a second watch
the 50% level here keep your eye right
on here on this on this number here
okay I'm putting that right at the
bottom of the Gap oh I'm sorry the
volume in Balance right there you see
what I did there that's the volume in
balance that's above the
Dual volume balances on the daily
chart 50% levels there okay so that
means up
here this would be the first leg and the
second leg is this up to here and you
could wait for a run to that level there
if this was a a measuring which is not
it just means this is a breakaway gap
which means it's it's a whole lot more
move
coming so I just taught you the
distinctions between
a breakaway Gap and then a measuring Gap
but the uh whenever you're leaving a
higher time frame PD when you're bullish
or bearish I always invite the
opportunity to see a buy side imbalance
sell sign efficiency when it's moving
higher or a sell side imbalance buyid
efficiency when it's moving lower and I
like to see those things stay open why
because if you see the market rally like
this up out of
here to cancel any idea that anyone can
say I'm trading off a support and
resistance classic S&R um they would
expect it to come back down to that
level and treat it as what resistance
brok and turn support uh-uh the best
moves are going to be seen where classic
support and resistance are being denied
they're not giving them a seat think
about what I'm teaching you I'm teaching
you how to cannibalize less informed
Street
money why would the market makers why
would the algo why would the street
money ever get a free ride
with VIP
seating why would they ever be given
that when it's they themselves that are
being
cannibalized like the lion doesn't stand
over top of it prey and say Hey listen
do you want me to comb comb through your
hair and get the ticks out before I eat
you it doesn't do that just like it
doesn't look down and apologize before
it eats it just eats so it's not going
to set a table for its prey it is
dinner so I look for these signatures
where retail would expect hey okay maybe
if it goes down here I can get in wrong
Elvis has left the building goodbye see
you
later zoom zoom baby
so the first relative equal highs here
that's by side uh you can see at the
actual High candles notice that see how
it does that it's just beautiful isn't
it like I know what I'm doing the rally
above the second bide imbalance I'm
sorry the bide liquidity pool
was this one here the minor this was all
in the recording last night and then
just placing it right at that that level
here or just before it you can see
there's the exit there little carrot
popping out right down here see that and
then ultimately we have the 287 level
that buy side and you can see that being
hammered right there see
that no Market replay okay
so when you see trades like that um I
could have used the trailing um behind
the
candlesticks when we red above here by
having the the stop loss on the balance
of eight contracts I could have Trail it
here and let it rally up and every time
it created a short let me take the
execution off real quick and explain
this and then we'll get into the the
drills
today as the market traded above here
placing the stop loss of eight contracts
there and as it made a higher high here
right on
this this is called running down Equity
okay every single time it creates a
higher
high that is not what I want to do there
you go every time it made a higher high
like it did here I could take one of the
eight contracts off wait for a swing
High to form and then when it trades
above this swing High take another
contract off and this High here if it
takes out that take another contract off
and this High here when it breaks above
that take another contract off here the
whole time trailing up the remaining
balance so that way you're strangling
and choking like a noose around the neck
of this trade you're getting every ounce
of blood from it squeezing it and then
finally it would eventually stop you out
on whatever remaining portion you had
because there's not enough swing highs
here to get eight contracts off by doing
singles and then ultimately it just
rolls down you would have stopped out
but I I was tired I want to get to bed
last night and then when I laid in bed I
kept going on
Twitter and kept going on uh on my uh
private mentorship groups so but
ultimately you can see it end up
becoming a market maker sell
model which is send
here see
that original
consolidation smart money reversal
lowrisk sell inside this inefficiency
here first stage distribution second
stage redistribution and where do it
trade down
to where's it where's it trade
to another level that's on my notepad
but you can see now visually it's the
high of yesterday Monday September 30th
2024's first presented fair value Gap
High holy [__] you're telling me that
these inefficiencies work past the day
that were formed yeah there's this guy
calls himself ICT I don't [__]
understand why he calls himself that but
he said that these
gaps can last for several days can you
imagine that can you imagine the shock
and a the disruption in the industry if
people started paying attention to
that oh [__] that guy ICT anyway we're
going to take these lines off here
because we don't need them that's a
distraction and this is a distraction
and this is a
distraction this is a
distraction and we don't need the cell
side line anymore wait what was that
yeah I need that take this
off and
then no wait I don't need that these are
the quadrant levels I don't need that at
all all right so that's the business
okay so hopefully um that explained the
trade that also explained Indigo entry
is simply just a purge of liquidity it's
bullish or bearish and the order block
that trades into the liquidity it has a
volume in balance on the top of it or
below it respective to it being bullish
or bearish okay and that's all it is
so um now we're going to go to the part
where I have to remind you that this is
not a signal
service it is not for you to copy with a
real account you are going to lose today
if you do everything I'm going to do in
front of you everything I'm telling you
that I'm going to execute on okay I am
not promising you a positive outcome I'm
not trying to trick you into a losing
trade I'm not trying to get into a
winning trade and say oh I lost because
I I meant to do that I'm literally
teaching how my son is to overcome his
fear about executing with a limit order
because right now he's plunking down
just Market orders right now he's
working with a top step account he's got
I think he said
$1,200 I don't know how they work to be
honest with you but he said he's like
$1,200 or so and then he gets what they
call funded so I
guess I don't know I don't know what
that really means I just know that
Cameron's done it before he got a payout
and Caleb has the lowest account
whatever account size that was that's
what he has he only has one of them and
he's trying to get funded by tomorrow
that that is his goal I told him I said
what happens if you do it by Friday or
what if you do it by next week what's
the what's the hold up like what's the
big deal he's he's just trying to do it
so we we'll see okay but he's had um
consecutive winning days
and there it is so once once he gets it
accomplished um I'll have him send me
the the proof of it and then I'll I'll
tweet it and that way you can see it and
then he'll have I guess a funded account
and then his goal is he's to make his
weekly
salary for four weeks but when he makes
it he has to stop
trading now imagine that right like he's
going to be in a position where he could
potentially take money out of whatever
this account is and he knows that he can
do
more and he knows
that I'm watching him and I'm holding
him to the the fire that he has to do
this so the first rule of Fight Club is
you have to don't talk about don't don't
talk about Fight Club obviously that's
the first rule okay so in trading you
don't go to work and tell everybody that
you're G to quit your job you don't tell
Carl what you're going to do you don't
tell Carl that you're trading you don't
tell Carl you just got a funded account
you don't tell Carl you just put money
in a real account you keep everybody in
the blind don't talk about it okay and
I'm teaching him to trust
that with one contract one contract not
five not 20 not 15 not 30 whatever it is
they offer one never ever ever ever ever
more than one contract I don't give a
[__] what size contract you got funded
with trade with one contract one because
if you can't quit your job with that one
contract doing more than one contract is
the only thing it's going to do is going
to guarantee that you're going to blow
it you're going to have more fear about
the outcome of that trade because you're
trading with leverage that you really
can't afford to be using so one contract
retires you one contract removes you
from your job your long commutes Caleb
one contract does that so when you feel
the impulse to go into two contracts or
three contracts or if you do finally get
a losing trade don't think you got to
correct it by doing two contracts just
go home with the loss it's not a problem
it's not a big deal it's easy to fix
that but you don't want to start all
over again and go through the processes
what you've already accomplished already
okay you're you're doing it right just
be patient
so I'm going to type this out okay and
it's going to be a reminder to you all
okay this is called volatility pinball
meaning that what I'm going to be doing
is I'm going to be buying and selling
with a limit order and using limit
orders to exit and we're going to teach
Caleb and you're all going to learn how
to do it as well
how to practice with a demo account and
desensitize yourself to price action
also reading order
flow running against
liquidity trading inefficiencies okay um
you want to learn how to pick the right
fair value Gap you want to learn how to
pick the right order block you want to
learn the right draw and liquidity this
is how you do
it my books are not going to help you my
videos aren't going to help you paying
somebody else to talk about my stuff
paring it and sometimes saying it many
times saying it wrong they're not going
to help you watching streamlined five
minute trainers of my content is not
going to help you all of that stuff is
useless until you get into the chart and
do what I'm about to show you today you
got to press the button you have to have
something engaging your attention so
that way you can see it you have to feel
it now I want you to think about
something I I got 1.4 million followers
on YouTube I have actually more than
that because the majority of the comment
section are left by people that don't
follow the channel so there's a lot more
people following me and watching my
stuff than you see they download the
videos that's why the views aren't as
high as they are they L they don't watch
them they they download them because
they're afraid that I'm going to delete
the channels or somebody's going to come
in say let's get this guy's [__] off the
Internet it's making people really know
me Rich so I mean you're welcome to
download them I don't care I mean I'm
I'm putting out there for public consum
consumption anyway but
uh the idea is this okay when we're
looking at Price
action I'm going
to magnify this and we're going to trade
inside of every current dealing range
now this is going to chop up your
account if you try to do this with real
money or if you're trying to uh trade
this with me with a funded account
you're going to get beat the [__] up
okay it's not about the making money and
it's not about losing a little bit it's
about entering it's about using specific
price points to enter and practicing and
then seeing what it feels like when you
get into them and over time what will
happen is you're going to see a
graduated Improvement in what you're
seeing in the chart and what you're
keying up on as an entry okay you'll see
what I mean when we go
through the first couple of them I'm
just going to wing it I'm just going to
toss it in there and say okay I I want
to see it go to this liquidity or this
high or low okay or this inefficiency
above or below but let me get this chart
set up and type out my disclaimer first
because otherwise yahoos are going to
take this and have a field day with it
but hopefully I don't not I'm not sure
how many people are actually watching
right now live but
hopefully you guys can appreciate what
I'm doing here and what I'm explaining
is not for you to think as this is me
taking trades to make money that's not
what this is
um oh real
quick let me show you this this is what
I do every single session
okay for disclosure and for compliance
reasons I am not a financial adviser
okay in the United States I do not hold
a
certified trade advisor license I I I'm
not legally in a position to tell you
how to invest your money that's why
we're talking over top of a paper
trading account you see that now watch
what happens when I click on this okay
you can see that the balances $112,200
$200 okay that's the profit from last
night's Asian session trade you see the
date on that right
there what I do is I'll log that I'll
put the date in I'll give any kind of
reference point that's going to be a
major driver for the day and because I
know that if I click on this little area
over here and I click on
chat you're going to see trading view
talking to me trading views ask me to
have a partnership an affiliate program
with them okay I have respectfully
declined I have these already recorded
and screenshot in case da delete it so
that way it never you know looks like
I'm telling you something that's not
true or or you know I don't want any
kind of [__] coming from it I want
to be able to use this platform because
my community has asked me to use this
platform when I left mt4 I asked
everybody that was my community I said
what platform would you like me to use
and they all you know predominantly said
this one so I didn't choose this
platform my community choose chose it
for
me now think about this okay I I know
some of you can't get this some of you
just cannot [__] fathom why anybody
would do this okay but think about it
logically if you see me taking trades
okay here's the historical Tab and it's
only going to show you the trades that I
did last night these are the executions
everything is here everything here is
directly related to what was shown
in hear my puppy snoring like
a that's these trades right here okay
everything here and what I recorded and
shared on Twitter last night that's this
now what happens what happens if you
work for trading View what happens if
you have the
access to see my account okay I don't
give a flying [__] if you feel this way
but this is how I view it okay and
because I have a a measure of obsessive
compulsive disorder I don't want this in
the back of my mind because it's all
it's always in the back of my mind so
this is exactly what I do I'm gonna show
you exactly what I do I've shown this to
my private mentorship group this is
exactly what I do every [__] day in
trading d i do this every single day do
you see any red here do you see that
no every session every new session start
okay sometimes I'll see a Yahoo say oh
yeah show us the trade history you reset
when I see that I immediately say okay
I'm going to keep the account active and
I'll do another trade so that way they
can see the previous session trade was
still in it and I'll delete the
executions I'll go to show the S&P
contract and then come back to the NQ
because if you do that and you reset
your account you won't be able to pull
the old executions up they just they
won't be able to be retrieved
so
because and I'm I'm gonna say this for
the last [__] time and if anybody has
a problem with this you can direct them
to this minute Mark or this video
because I don't give a [__] anymore I
really I'm tired of it I understand that
a lot of people out there
cannot accept the fact that I know what
I'm doing and you love to say I can't
trade and I love watching you type that
[__] out because it literally gives me a
[__] raging heart on because you
believe your [__] and I love it but
I want you to understand if there is a
way that trading view can pull up all of
my annotations if they if I can pull up
listen if I can sign out a trading view
right now and I
saved if I if I Ed the uh the layout
right now I have naked it was just
simply me using a brand ref fresh chart
and I marked it all up based on
yesterday's analysis with pal and all
that so I did everything in front of you
live with all the
markups if I sign out of trading View
and I come back to it at a later time a
week later these annotations that I left
there are going to be waiting for
me do you think that it's
reasonable to assume that anyone in the
right position of trading view that they
can go into my charts and see what
annotations I have noted it's pretty
reasonable to anticipate that that is
likely very likely right because if I
can pull up the information why
certainly shouldn't they be able to do
it now take it one step further what
happens when I have an
account that they have clearly seen me
[__] run these things
up I've proven it with my private
mentorship I've ran up an account I've
showed the entire full history I've done
hu huge [__] runs huge runs millions
of dollars in these things
okay I don't like the fact that they
could very easily do what many of you do
with your funded accounts put a trade
Copier on
it so I am of the the belief and I mean
this in in in all sincerity but still to
the point where I know it's going to be
nauseating to sound narcissistic and
egotistical but there is nobody on this
[__] planet is going to be able to
trade like me they're not going to be
able to trade like me not as consistent
not as perfect as I can be as I want to
be I can turn it on and turn it off but
here I'm at a disadvantage because I'm
inside of their realm I'm inside their
little circle okay and they can see
everything that I'm doing at the
moment so what I do is to keep these
[__] from doing that every
session when I'm done showing an example
Watch What Happens ready I go over this
little box or this little this little
gear thing here okay I click on it and
then I do this watch this right it it
costs me no money at all it's free watch
that ready look look look Watch What
Happens ready it's
gone it's
gone I've proven this with my private
mentorship students because I've had
students there too say um you how do we
know how do we know I'm telling you I
reset every session after I make a
winning trade I delete the [__]
account and start all over again I don't
give anybody at trading view the
opportunity ever to copy me and then
what I'll do is because I've created a
new account I always do this watch watch
pay close attention now because it's
reset I go over here and then I'll go to
the
chart and then I'll add this I say okay
right now I want to go long Don't Follow
Me by the way please don't do this I'm
just telling you what it is I do to keep
these people from Ever wanting or
trusting that they can copy me I'm going
to go along right now so I'll buy that
and let me show you the orders and
stuff now you might think this is a
little
paranoid I'm sorry if you think that way
but I know if I had access to following
somebody like myself I would [__] do
it if I could if I could put a copier
account on somebody like me and I'm and
I'm actively in here running mentorships
and proving that I could trade and I'm
I'm going to go out with the intended
purpose that I'm going to try to do
well if I could put a copy and account
on that I'm absolutely [__] GNA do it
and I would risk getting fired doing it
I don't give a [__] I don't give a [__]
because whatever this guy ICT is doing
in his account whether it's demo or not
and he's making 203,000 $40,000 $100,000
account moves come on man if I'm
leveraged up on that with a funded
account I'm done I'm the I'm the I'm the
world leader right I'm done and it's
it's done inside of a month
so in my head that's what's going on so
I have to go through this process of
saying okay I need to throw them off and
I do this that helps me it it helps me
discard all these things that are very
distracting to me because my mind is on
100,000 miles an hour all the time and
while I'm talking to you there's several
different topics that are trying to
fight to get to the front of the line so
I can't have anything distracting me or
it's going to mess me up I won't be able
to focus like I can't focus if I if I
know that I'm running the same account
through trading view in a demo account I
know that there's a potential for them
to copy me for for the purpose of just
copying me with a funded account they
don't have to necessarily be risking any
real
money they're just risking I guess the
the the reset fees but be honest for a
second okay just for a sec this even if
you don't [__] like me if you don't
believe me if you don't trust me you
think I'm a [__] guy lives in a
gutter somewhere some [__]
slum whatever you want to think about me
put yourself in my
position okay say you could actually
trade this suspend your disbelief about
whether you think I can trade or not
what happens if it was you and you know
you knew how to trade and you could
trade really really
good would you feel
comfortable knowing that anyone at this
company could do it and I would never
know I would never know you would never
know but because my mind thinks this way
it's a [__] problem for me it's a
very big problem for me which is the
reason why I tell all of you when you
follow my live stream and I'm giving you
commentary and it pans out and you've
taken live trades with that with money
please don't tell me you did that
because it [__] me all up I don't I
don't want to know about that because
every single time I do something in a
live stream I'm going to be worried
about you did you over leverage are you
are you going to follow what I'm doing
and what happens if I'm
wrong what happens if I get a case of
the ass and I'm like you know what I'm
gonna show this person don't do that you
don't know what it's going to happen you
don't know how I can turn and flip okay
I can swing from one Spectrum to the
next so to keep me
balanced I do something like this I'll
go in here no reason to get into that
trade think tell me tell me what what in
my repertoire tells me to be long there
nothing but what I'll do is I'll put
that on and then I'll go right down
here and I'll reset
again and then I'm set for the session
and then I'll go in and I'll look for my
execution for my private mentorship or
if I'm sharing something or if I'm
practicing
so that's the truth that's what I do
that's why you don't get to see the
history uh tab but okay for a week the
final week of our trading before we go
into the holiday break which is the last
week of this um what is that
actually so the Halloween uh no what is
it the 1st of November I'll give you the
1 of November that's our last live
stream okay the week of October 28th
29th 30th 31st in November 1st uh I will
show you every single thing that happens
on the historical tab on on one account
okay so well that's not 30 days that's
not three months not that's not six
months I don't owe you that [__] folks
some of you honestly believe that you're
entitled to something I'm not even
you're not entitled to me talking to you
at all right now let alone [__] give
you anything else like you need to dial
back that [__] like you think that
you're so significant that other people
let alone me are obligated to bend to
your expectations and your and your will
like [__] you and your will [__] you and
your expectations I'm here because I
want to teach my kids that's the whole
reason why these videos have ever been
produced it's for
them you're just fortunate enough to be
listening to it so now let's go
in type out the disclaimer
is
[Music]
okay so
hopefully this is going to be uh we're
gonna actually do this on a one chart
run that way nothing can be taken out of
context with another
chart and that's not what I want to do
so
let's magnify that
one all right
so that way everything is
here and everybody understands now
audibly one more time because I want to
be able to know that I've said this at
nauseum
please please for your own sake do not
copy
me with a live
account please do not copy me with a
funded account
Combine please do not copy me with your
funded account I promise you if you do
this you're going to you're going to
incur losing transactions or trades and
that's going to mean that you're going
to lose money please don't do that the
purpose is to teach my son how to place
a limit order how to put the stop loss
in and how to put a takeprofit in so
everything is removing the necessity for
Market orders Okay so
I'm going to change this to
one all right and everything that I
execute on I'm going to keep this up
here so that we can see it's not Market
replay and you can see that the little
button up here is showing that it's the
market is open you all are here live
okay so however many that are here
you're seeing what I'm seeing as it
happens
actually let's do this let's take
a water closet break for some of you
that don't know what that means it's a
bathroom break um that way I can
continue until 10:30 un unhindered so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
type out that we're taking a five minute
break and we will be muted for that
duration I'm going to go reli my myself
and come right back and then we'll be at
it
e
e e
all right appreciate you giving me an
opportunity to do that I'm sure you
probably took advantage of it as well
now can you imagine the folks that would
copied the long up here they're getting
punished for
that am I cruel for doing it I'll leave
that up to
you
now how do you how we do this let's go
to
uh a little bit more data back
here and this is a 15sec chart
all right and we have new day opening
gap down here that could draw
to and real
quick I'm going to be with you until I
do 10 of these so while I said we be
here till 10
10:30 if it requires me to be here a
little bit longer to get get 10
executions that's how long it'll be okay
just know
that if we are thinking Caleb that if
we're be
if this is the market price that the the
market you're trading which is madda
like right now that's the market price
at 241 a half if this is market price
and you think that it's going to go
to this level down here what level would
that be that'd be like an old low
relative equal lows an inefficiency
below price or in this case this the new
day opening Gap that could be a draw
okay right now we're we're seeing it
trade into an inefficiency which is this
blue blue shaded
area if this is where you think price is
going to
go that's your draw on
liquidity you have to know where you
think you're going to be wrong in the
beginning Sun you're going to do this
wrong a lot and it's normal okay you
don't have to worry about it don't make
it like a a big thing if you increase it
to a degree of importance in the
beginning you're going to think about it
like that the rest of your
career this is your stop
loss you must
always have one of
these you never ever ever assume a
position and not have
this ever
this is your insurance uh policy okay
this is the Tells this tells the market
that you are admitting that you're wrong
and this is a good time to be wrong
because if it goes to this point you're
basically saying that if price goes from
market
price and you get in in an area near
this but it trades up to this price
point you're saying to yourself and to
the market with your execution that I am
wrong about my idea and I want to be out
at that price because if it goes to this
price your belief is it could go higher
and incur larger risk or loss and this
is to mitigate that unrealized ex
exorbitant
uh loss or or blown account so this is
not a bad thing it's not to be viewed as
something terrible it's not a cancer
cell okay it's not something that you
want to stay away from it's something
you want to embrace this is your Shield
okay
where market price
is that is where we're at right now Mark
to Market that means wherever the most
recent tick in price is showing every
time this little green box moves and
fluctuates that's market
price 251 and a quarter 251 and a half
250 even 249 a half 250
even 250 and a half okay that that's
market price that's this if you believe
that this is your
draw okay this is essentially your
target this is what you're aiming for
since this drill is not equipped to do
things like partials it's one and done
it's it's a full stop full Target that's
it one of one of the two are going to
happen whichever one trips first ends
that exercise and you got to wait to do
another one okay so if you're expecting
price to draw down here that means
you're bearish you have to be able to
determine where you going to frame your
stop loss at that that entry point is
the
secondary concern and let's say that
this is your entry
your entry price and this will be based
on if we're bearish some kind of a
premium array
okay so how would you
frame a setup like that
well when we're bearish we want to sell
short when price is going up
so we're going to sell on a limit so if
market price is right
here well let's just do it real quick
with this one see this little
Gap see that little Gap right there we
can go in right click on the on the
platform go to trade sell limit one
contract right there just
above let's move it down
here where we
right there's the actual High one tick
below it is there the stop loss gets
drag to the
high and then the target would be taken
down to the high plus one tick right
there okay so now what I've done is I've
used the logic over here I was
outlining the market would have to come
up trade to
this candle sticks high and that would
book The Limit order entry on a short
the stop loss would be here the take
profits down here I don't personally
care I don't care if I'm right or wrong
that's the execution that's the entry
and the logic is over here you're seeing
it do this like here's the market price
you think it's going to go down here you
place a limit order a sell limit order
the market has to go up to
it so you're selling short as the Market
going going up away from where you think
it's going to
go limit orders have to be entered above
the market price when you're selling
short when you're buying on a limit okay
when you're trying to do the opposite
say you're say you're bullish everything
here would reverse it would be something
like this
and say you believe that the Market's
going to go up to some old high some
kind of fair value got something to that
effect and you have to be able to frame
it around the basis
of here's the market price and at the
time if you're bullish you can frame a
trade on entering on a limit so you're
going to buy on a limit that means the
market price has to drop down to your
price and lower so whatever your limit
order price is if you're trying to buy
it it has to go at least the minimum of
one tick below that price that's the
filling mechanism okay so it has to
fulfill that at least to to accomplish
that that order being executed if it
just trades to your price and not go any
lower than that it won't fill
you sometimes because of your your your
contract size if there is
a uh say say you're trying to do an
eight or 10 contract trade okay so now
you guys watch and see a losing trade
okay what you're going to do is log this
I'll come back to that in a second
you're going to log
that from your
entry how much did it give you in terms
of unrealized profit if at all how much
time did it take to get to Target it
didn't get to Target how long did it
take in terms of time to get to your
stop out how how much time did it take
for that to happen and then what happens
is you get data based on that how much
time do your trade executions last so
you don't have a baseline on how long
your trades usually last now there are
tools out there there are things that
give you that uh kpi that that measuring
instrument of how long your average
trade is what is your average profit
what is your average risk per trade all
those things can be calculated by
yourself manually and you want to have
that data yourself you don't want to
just rely on on some kind of external
thing you want to get comfortable seeing
it and knowing what it is for yourself
as a
Trader all right so that's one so we
have one transaction done and you're not
trying to make money KB you're trying to
practice using the mechanism of a limit
order framing the setups
okay let me finish this back here and
then we'll go just right into price
action because
we're right TW opening
price I don't have the disclaimers on
here I should have had that on there
sorry I'm watching that little
inefficiency
there but if you're bullish you're going
to see market price you have to wait for
price to drop down away from your market
price so it has to go to a discount it
has to be a down tick that's what high
frequency trading algorithms used to for
their entry models has to drop down
first here to here and go below that by
one tick okay and then the the buy limit
order if you're bullish that would trip
and then you would look for it to draw
to
your target or get stopped
out so if you're buying you got to
you're going to be buying below market
price on a limit if you're selling short
you're selling above the market price on
a
limit all
right so let's pull up the regular
trading
hours small little Gap in here it's
already filled that
now when you're doing these drills this
is when you can put on some music that
you like listening to and just relax
don't try to
you put too much emphasis on uh let's
see there's a volume IM balance right
there and now we have
this Gap
down
to
got okay so this is drill number
two and you log every
individual point of reference for your
measurement how long it takes for the
trade when you enter it like when how
long at the time you entered the trade
order not when you
entered okay so there you go there's one
so now we have 50/50 we have a losing
trade and we have a winning trade it's
not about the money it's about the
experience of placing the orders Caleb
you're going to sit and wait and relax
trade down to new week opening
Gap now you're you're probably wondering
okay what do you
do what do you do to instigate the
trades ICT like what are we doing here
like what is the reason for you to get
into a
trade whatever you're
practicing um because Caleb's learning
the fair value Gap you know his his
practice session is going going to be
just simply looking for fair value gaps
after the market has created some
measure of jaggedness like it's made its
jaggedness up here traded down you watch
me pick this one here obviously you know
what that one is I mean it's the first
fair value gap of uh of the morning it's
at
9:31 so it fits the criteria and you saw
how fast it
delivered so I just want the haters to
take notice of
that but anytime that you're trying to
trade with an order block if you're
practicing with that um you can trade
with order blocks you can trade with u
institutional order entry drills um
whatever whatever mechanism or PD rate
you're using to practice with that's
that's what you're doing
okay all right
so I see this Gap in
here but I want to try to I want to try
to alternate buying and selling back and
forth like I want to do that for the
purposes of kind of like
skewing the experience Factor here so I
want to kind of like mix it up a little
bit I was I was looking for a
coin but uh nobody has any cash anymore
around here but uh I was going to flip a
coin and I was going to take my first
drill as a long if it landay on heads
and or tails I would go short that would
be my first
exercise but I just said screw it I'll
just go in here and just wing it
okay got eight more of these things to
do Jam to kicks by the way bows are
rocking right now kicks is a local band
old old rock
band all right now let's say that you
were going to try to
uh a counter Trend Trader okay and we're
in a 15sec
chart let's try to do a drill which is
obviously going against order flow but
you want to get this experience you want
to feel what it feels like to enter the
order using the the
logic of buying when the market
drops as we've already shown two times
here selling short with a limit order I
want to try to find one on
a uh buying
opportunity even though it's against the
underlying order
flow and if we can frame a small little
fair value Gap here on the 15-second
chart and try to trade back up into this
inefficiency right here and try to draw
back directionally to the new week
opening Gap it need not trade back there
all the way but if it can give me an
opportunity to
uh this thing's
lagging well I would technically be I
would be in Long right now the stop
where it is let's see it's [__]
around trading view look man you're
losing you're losing here in front of
every body I'm trying to show this stuff
with your stuff and you asked me to do
an affiliate program and I'm not able to
use it in front of the
world okay so we'll get back up into
there you see me adjusting it but it
won't it won't update
so awful awful awful good grief
again trading view this is a bad bad
look for you
today that should be stopped at yeah so
that would be framed on as it was
looking like a fair value Gap trying to
trade up to there so now you have three
transactions immediate response stopped
out it's not giving you any indication
that it wants to go higher wonderful
pay attention this trading view I know
you watch my videos but you got to get
your [__] together because this is not a
good
look all right so
now scrunching this up we have that
remember that yesterday I was showing
you the 60 Minute discount with
consequent encroachment we're trading
inside
of I want to be filled in that Gap right
there and stop this right
there take profit we'll try to aim for
just above that consequent encouragement
Wick okay this is execution
four again all we're doing is practicing
what I just did there I was I was
looking in between these two
candlesticks here and I wanted to be
inside that as an entry
part of the
drills um when you have more experience
using it and practicing with it and
playing around with it and having fun
that's what this is supposed to be it
should not be I'm afraid it's going to
be a bad uh result I'm afraid that it's
going to be all losing trades I'm afraid
it's going to be a net loss on the day
it's don't think about that you're in
here practicing trying to get a feel for
using number one the
platform because it's it's risk-free for
you to be able to do this it's not it's
not something that's scary it's only
scary because you're saying it should be
scary you're saying that it it demands
the results of profitability or being
right it's not about being right this is
something for you to play with and
you're using the demo C properly you're
executing with it you're not trying to
prove profitability you're not trying to
avoid losing trades you're just getting
the practice of in
including the use of the PD arrays and
looking for liquidity and following
order flow go against orderflow
sometimes get a feel for what it feels
like to do that because if you try to
avoid every instance of where things
might hurt you you're never getting the
proper experience like you you don't
know what it's like to make money and
big money yet and that's a scary feeling
you think it's going to feel good it's
not it's going to be terrifying because
you're you don't you're going to freeze
up you're not going to know what do
so
if if you relax let say that way if you
just simply relax and allow your
practice sessions these drills it's just
like you taking a walk it's good for
your health put some music on listen to
an audio book you're exercising you're
you're you're moving your your your
trading muscles you're trading with
the tools you're using the logic and now
watch this is something where if it took
out this low say it takes out that low
if you want to go one step further in
your drill in your annotations you would
say Okay hypothetically if this were a
trade that I was using in my funded
account I would take a partial rate
there if I had more than one contract
and that means this would no longer be
open to a loss because you've you've
pocketed something and now you can roll
to stop after that partial and when
you're practicing even though you have
one contract on the logic is you
annotate that one partial was taken
below the low
here so you would have a partial below
here from your entry that's pretty good
like it's better than most live
streamers out there in terms of what
they're what they're capturing and
that's I'm not trying to [__] on any of
them but I'm just saying like let's be
practical here some of these guys out
there are not looking for home runs and
they don't need home runs I mean look at
trades by Matt he was doing 10 point
runs and made over $300,000 took it all
out truth be told I told him in private
I said take all the money out and then
start all over again that way you've
banked a half a million dollars plus
like it's yours like they can't take it
from you if if you're going to be
consistent be consistent by starting all
over again because you have a huge
windfall right now at your reach you
just just take
it and uh he made his decision
so the idea that
um you would like build in a pyramid you
can practice that too um I don't
necessarily see anything yet that I
would have pyramided on except for that
one right in here that that's a nice
little one that right there that's a
nice
point but uh if you
recall remember these uh these levels
over here yesterday like down here is
like these relative equal lows I think
if um I'm not mistaken it was on
a I don't know what time frame it was to
be honest with you oh yeah duh there's
the benefit of having annotations
correctly right the 15minute relative
equal lows based on uh September 23rd's
weekly low but we also have 15 minute
relative equal uh lows on Cell side so
even if this were to stop
out we can look for another opportunity
to engage with it to see if we can get a
rundown into the discount Wick con
encouragement of the hourly chart and
maybe try to gravitate towards that
again September 23rd's weekly low and
15-minute relative equal
[Music]
lows all you're doing is getting
experience that's all this is about it's
not about being better than somebody
else it's not about being profitable
it's not about passing combines it's you
just practicing practicing getting used
to taking the orders and entering them
and then submitting yourself to whatever
the Market's going to do afterwards
because right now I don't have control
over what the Market's going to do like
I have to submit to it like whatever
it's going to do it's going to do and
I'm doing it right in front of all of
you I'm pushing the button okay I have
no [__] fear of doing this zero fear
even less now because this is a
drill but you're going to see me pick
the Right Moves and you're going to see
me trade them with Precision they're
going to go to my targets and you're
going to be left with hey what do we do
now right what do you do with that it's
not going to make you a better Trader
because you saw me do it it's not going
to make me any less of a Trader or any
more of a Trader doesn't make me more
right when I do it I already know I can
do it you want to be entertained by it
you think that you have some influence
or power over me because you say you
won't do it you won't trade live you
won't trade live [__] I will
trade circles around all of you okay but
that's not the point of this when we get
to the point where we had to start
pushing the buttons I told you we'd be
here we're here now I want my son to
know how to use limit orders I want him
to see what it feels like to be in the
orders how he measures his
[Music]
own personal
engagement like he has to he has to
recognize that stuff and if you don't
recognize it
you you won't get accustomed to normal
this is normal for me to feel like this
and over time that trepidation that
anxiety that you initially feel it goes
away because you've been there so many
times and the thing that you were
fearful of never happened it never
happened so what what is what's actually
happening is you're being desensitized
to the what if thinking while you're in
a trade well you're supposed to be
focusing on what's is it telling me why
I'm watching price action is it telling
me that it wants to continue moving
higher or moving lower everything that
you're reading in terms of watching
individual candlesticks this is tape
reading it bumped the high here filled
in this entire
Gap right
here right there okay then traded lower
right now we're sitting at these
lows we would not want to see it trade
above here we want to see it break heavy
down here but what happens if it does
take out that
high what happens if it stops out this
position no problem if it shows a
displacement lower again I'll use
another 15-second fair value Gap to try
to get a short one and aim for that 60
Minute again
now I know which ones I want to trade on
on Caleb doesn't know yet you don't know
yet but doing these drills every single
day every single day there should not be
a day that goes by unless you're on
vacation and you would now you would
annotate that as a partial so okay
underneath this low you would type out
in your chart and screenshot it and say
I would have a partial here and then you
would have whatever that partial will
just say that closing price is your
partial so you'd get out at 2,66
from an entry at
11675 so again you're beating the [__]
out of the YouTubers and all we're doing
is a drill that's how you remind
yourself you give yourself encouragement
you cheerlead yourself this is better
than soand so I've been impressed by so
and so's trading and now I've done now
see how it's running here then you can
do another partial why because it's
starting to expand it doesn't need to go
down here yet it could wait and do it
later on so you would do a partial in
here so you'd have a partial at we'll
say 2041 A5 so 20,41
A5 but you only use one contract because
you're trying to avoid feeding fear and
avoid
feeding um greed
[Music]
isn't this fun it's fun isn't it you
like it because I'm pushing the
buttons but it should be fun for you
because you're watching with a purpose
you're not just pushing a button with no
understanding of what it is you're
you're watching or
studying that's a waste of a demo that's
a waste of a demo by doing
that now
imagine if you did
not say partial where you did not
annotate that you have taken partials
off while you're doing the drills by
annotating that you're training yourself
to do what look for opportunities to
take partials look for opportunities to
take something out of the trade take
something out fund the trade remove some
of the risk give yourself that cookie
that little reward that little at a boy
that a girl pat on the back in the
beginning you need a lot of that stuff
because it's hard to
wrestle it's hard to get into a trade
and and submit yourself to an idea when
you don't have any experience that's why
you want to watch me live stream that's
why you want to watch me push the button
that's why you want to that's why you
enjoy watching my trades you like
watching that because you're living
vicariously through my
executions but it's entirely something
different when you're doing over live
data when you have to submit yourself to
it and you have to wait however long it
takes and every every time we had a a an
opportunity where I said when it's when
it gets below these
lows that's a
partial you want to record how much time
it took from the point of your entry
what minute mark it was up here
and up
here where those uh where those entries
were and that's a partial right there
you take off one there and then you want
to see speed drive right into that uh
60-minute consequent cursion that's
that's what would be ideal
here but because you're taking partials
as price goes below you the previous
lows every time it makes a low and
retraces back when it does that you
absolutely if it trades off uh has a
opportunity to go back below it one more
time even if it's one tick you have to
take a partial you have to do that
because you're not going to have the
experience to number one sit through the
trade in in its entirety you're going to
be fearful you're going to want to get
out of it it's going to cause you heart
palpitations and remember you're only
trading with one contract but that one
contract is going to feel like you're
risking your entire mortgage right
you're you're risking everything that
makes who you are as a person
financially so
when you see this stuff and you see it
panning out and you're practicing a
drill like this and it goes to where I'm
teaching you how are you going to listen
to these people that tell you you'll
never see ICT trade live you'll never
see him outline a trade you'll never see
him push the button you'll never see him
give you the watch behind a trade you'll
never see that but here I am doing it
again and they're still going to come
out and tell you that I don't ever do it
oh you got lucky oh this that thing it's
okay it's okay other people's opinion
about you aren't going to change the
facts about you as the trader the same
thing here now because we went into that
consequent encouragement of that
discount Wick I would want to see it try
to make an attempt to go below that and
draw down into the relative equal lows
so let me see if I can get one more fair
value Gap in
here before we can get down here it
could just very well you
know reverse here or drive aggressively
lower at this point if we were trading
today like if this was a trading day I
would be done for the morning session if
I was closing it out here I would be
done and I would just look for this move
as a moral Victory and be like Yay truth
be told though I wouldn't be out just
here but let's just say that was the
position and either say I got stopped
out and I've made as much as is it's
shown here I would more or less say okay
I'm just going to watch the rest of it
deliver and I've done this in front of
my students too
I lost track
on I lost track on how many uh
transactions we had so
far one two three four so we had four
trades look at that there's red you
don't ever see that look at that look at
the difference between the green and the
the red that's probably random
so watch that consequent encouragement
of that Wick okay we went down below it
I like to see when price
uh gets down below it and comes back up
and uses it as a premium array I like to
see that but that's not what we're
studying here so I can't execute on that
it's got to be a fair value
G every single day you're going to be
practicing practicing practicing
practicing looking for liquidity where
the market will likely to draw to where
it will hopefully not go to that we can
frame a stop loss
and then you get into the exercise and
you relax you condition Yourself by
holding on the
position um I can't hear
myself I don't hear any of my audio
coming through can you guys hear me I'm
I'm asking on Twitter if you can hear me
just give me a 5x5
please man I hope I could I hope that
was picked up the whole time I was
talking good
grief can you hear can you hear
me somebody
please thank you Richard appreciate it
I'm not sure why I'm not I'm not I can't
hear anything on my
end all right as long as you can hear me
I'm not changing any settings over
here all right so here we have another
low and when I have uh my notes it may
not give me a fair value Gap it may just
plow in un relative equal lows
now all right we'll go there and we'll
look for a drive into that
so this is exercise number six we don't
need to be right it doesn't need to pan
out if it stops out it's not a big deal
it's just you submitting to the idea
that this is unfinished business down
here okay and it's 15 minute relative
equal lows we're in close proximity to
it uh we came up and we swiped this
little short-term high in here and we
broke down and if it trades lower we are
in a position where we could capitalize
on that if it stops out no problem I'll
wait for it to break down again and it
gives me another fair value Gap if it
gives me another fair value Gap after
being stopped out if I get stopped out
okay stopped out now I have to wait just
simply if it gets back below the low in
here of the rejection block that
candlestick's closing price any movement
lower than that it doesn't need to
create the the lower low here we don't
need to pierce that
every single instance that a fair value
G forms okay every single one which I
miss I missed this one
here I would have I would have used this
one with a stop loss right above here so
In fairness for the exercise and drill I
would already be filled in here on a
short with a stop loss right above this
high but I wasn't able to execute on
that fast enough because I'm
talking but what you're doing is you're
looking for every inst of and that would
a stock out every instance of a fair
value Gap and you're engaging every
single one of them every single one of
them with you aiming for a particular
pool of liquidity or inefficiency
something that's giv you some kind of
directional bias if it's directionally
driven like today it makes it pretty
easy to to trade on one side of the
marketplace but there's going to be days
where you go in and you're practicing
and it's this range bound and that's
actually the better times to be Trading
with your with your
drills let me see if I can do something
in
here we already filled that
one all right let's see let's
see those look
smooth do they
not and there's a minor bidity pull
here so let's do
let's do
this and stop
loss here and we'll aim
for man trading view is
lagging everybody must be doing paper
trades we're all Fading you
ICT that's good all right so this is the
fair value Gap and we're just trying to
go against the grain here
and add this to
that and
this come
on there we go so all we're doing is
aiming for this little tiny little minor
buy side liquidity pull right
there and it if it goes there and really
Rejects and starts to sell off that
means that we could probably see that
15minute relative equal lows get
pounded and maybe even go lower how
about
that but
uh I feel like I've lost something today
like like I I've always
enjoyed having not done any executions
in front of you live I mean I've done
them before you all know I've done it
but you've never seen me do this many of
them in front of you and I kind of feel
like minor eyes
side
liity I feel like you're going to want
me to do this a lot and that's what I've
been trying to avoid
because I don't I don't want to do these
types of things because it's better for
you to be in here doing it yourself
you're not going to learn anything by me
doing it the only thing it does is it
creates codependence and I've seen this
in my
own private mentorship
students look at
that see
that good old
Phil it's all
right wait till you see what I do in the
PM session
[Laughter]
[__] so there you go um it came
down Wicked through through stopped and
then ran to the Target now think about
what that feels like right now what does
that feel like if this was a live trade
that you were trading in would you be
angry would you be mad would you be stop
talking to me in the telegram Channel or
I will ban
you all right so now we have this little
Gap right here look at this one here
see that
one all right so we had buy side
taken and
now again
lagging useless trading view you're
[__] useless today okay
how's that for affiliate marketing this
is some lame ass [__] there you
go I'll show you this in a second
me what the [__] the stop not even
adjusting now this dro it and it still
ain't
populating unbelievable oh thank
you I could have made [__] breakfast
in the time it took that so if we
have the low here to this candlestick's
High you see
that what I'm doing here is showing you
the difference
between the high this Fair Val Gap here
and
here and it's 50% so my stop is at the
highest point because if this is an
inversion fair value Gap it should never
reach the halfway point but
for Caleb's abilities he's not going to
know that he he doesn't have enough
experience seeing it so by having it run
up to just half of that Gap here and the
Gap looks like this it's this one right
here
and then take it
off so what I'm saying is inside this
little area allow me to take the
execution off for a second I'll put them
back on in a
moment this is an inversion fair value
got and it's already delivered the half
of this Wick so that would be a partial
and then this low here would be a
partial
this Gap in here could be a
partial consequent encroachment here
could be a partial the new low here that
would be obviously a
partial but entering on the inversion
fair value Gap when it has a gap like
this you have to look at the midpoint or
consequent corion of the Gap above it
because think about like model
2022 how if it has two fair value gaps
inside of that price leg that displaces
lower it can always you have to afford
yourself the ability to weather some
kind of a a a delivery into the higher
fair value G when you're going short
like this case here so the stop would
have to be above the midpoint so to
reduce some of the
risk we'll go right at the consequent CR
because we've already had enough
movement lower if it comes back and
stops me out it's no problem it's one
more transaction but you're
seeing and now we're below here so I'd
like to see that one support
price to the downside if it trades into
it it can Wick through it a little bit
but I want to see it kind of roll out
and attack these lows and get down into
this imbalance
there so back inside the inversion Fair
here remember partial would have been at
consequent encroachment every time we
see a big large Wick and we're going to
trade and trades down into it consequent
encroachment of a wick is always a
potential candidate for a partial and in
the beginning every single time you do
that like it would be here you would be
partialled out with something
one and then if you get AOW this low
here that'd be another partial here's
another and all you're doing is just
simply mapping out
price having fun while you're doing it
you're not trying to be critical of
yourself and that's not the right color
though
right and I would like to see it get
real heavy in
here and try to displace below these two
relative equal lows in here and back
below that 60 Minute discount consequent
Cent
most of the questions you guys ask
[__]
and You' screenshot that as a partial
[__] post another one you're
banned I just [__] told you guys to
stop what the [__]
and another partial would have been
inside this Gap
here and then now the stock can roll to
cover
costs we want to see
speed and it if it goes below this one
here it goes below that
low we still have to deal with the
consequent encro of this mid Gap or
midwick
rather does any of this look familiar
like does it look like the things that
you see me doing in my recorded videos
it's the same
stuff I'm just picking the better
entries
but I'm showing you everything that you
could
consider and how you factor all that
stuff in and you're never going to learn
how to do this until you get in here and
you practice like this annotating
screenshotting and doing it every single
day what the [__]
there you go there's the speed we're
looking for that would be a partial and
we want to see it drive down into
the take
profit which triny's done a really good
job of [__] around with
today let this be something to for your
Tech Team to be working on folks because
uh you can see I'm live streaming this
stuff and it's not working
well my concepts are working well
I'm admittedly [__] raging right now
because I've asked my private mentorship
students to stop posting in the in the
channels
that I don't want to toggle off to do
the little mute
button but I just had to go in there and
raise hell and I'm pissed off because
they kept doing it
so the 15 15 minute relative equal
lows are the top of that uh that blue
shaded
area there's another uh example of I'll
never trade live in front of
you there's the executions and none of
this was done with Market replay
that's how you do it
Tito that's how you do
it what the
[__] listen I am live streaming my
alerts in here are on every time you
[__] post here it's appearing in my
live stream if I see it again I'm
Banning you I've been very clear about
it stop posting until the live stream's
done please
now you understand that the
[__] okay so you tell
me is this something that you think
would be worthwhile for you to do with
your demo account now I'm not saying
you're going to be able to be this good
at reading it you're not going to be
that good at in the beginning Caleb's
not going to be that good in the
beginning
but you're never going to get to be able
to acquire the skill set to say that you
are good until you get in here and you
experiment and you practice and you
practice and you practice and you
practice you ask me how do I know these
things how do I know this first of all
you have to have a a baseline Foundation
of what it is that you're going to be
expecting in price action you have to
predict price folks that's the that's
the reality of this okay you have to
predict
price we're not reacting to
[__] I'm waiting for something that I'm
waiting to see form when it forms I'm
engaging it I'm selling into it when
it's going up I'm not selling when it's
going down I'm not chasing price I never
[__] chase price Twitter has a real
big [__] bitter pill to swallow today
okay they have a real big [__] pill
to swallow and I hope they [__] choke
on it because this is an everyday
instance every single day instance
where looking for the things that I
teach and price gravitates to them we
wanted to see these 15minute lows traded
to yesterday no problem not a problem at
all it delivered the next day but there
was trades taken in my students group in
the free students Community I mean
everybody's everybody was basically
copying what I was outlining yesterday
the NASDAQ and they were sharing it and
admitt that kind of pisses me off
because if you want to make your trades
on that stuff and you make money off of
it keep it private don't don't tell me
about it don't add don't at me okay
because it gets in my head and screws me
up like right now I'm pissed off that my
private mentorship group one of them has
uh it's very simple if I say stop
posting in the channel like what the
[__] are you in there doing that I'm
live streaming I'm literally teaching
right now what are you in there
conversing about you should be watching
paying attention you're in there [__]
chitchatting
and the [__] alert's popping up D I'm
[__] raging right now I'm literally
[__] fuming right now I can spit
[__]
Nails all right so um I done lost count
where we're at now how many do I gotta
do to get to
10 we have one two three four five six
seven I got three more to
do let's see if I can lose this $3,100
[Laughter]
all right let's see here
um we've wiped out
the the 15 minute relative equal lows
let's do this let's do
this go over to
um let's go to a 15minute chart real
quick all right and yes it's ugly let me
take this stuff off for a second
so here's those relative equal lows we
traded down to that that was what I was
trading um we have this low
and let's examine that low see if
there's anything in here we can
use are you having fun today isn't this
fun it's all fun it's just drills okay
it's exercise with a
purpose all right so we have
this inefficiency right
there okay we're inside that rate now so
the next order of business would be
rejection block
[Music]
there and then the actual
low and if you want extra credit you can
do the consequent encouragement of the
wick there so there's our next three key
levels and that would look like over
here these
okay and all I just did was wrote down
on my
notepad these individual levels and just
short-handed little notes as of what
they are rejection block 19894 A5
consequent encroachment 19877 A5 and uh
15 minute low 19860 even
okay and then then we can go back and
add all this [__] back on here
again and decently
watch we have the weekly buyid balance
sell sign efficiency consequent
encroachment level down here at 19883
and a
quarter we have a volume imbalance in
there that could have been used for a
short exercise as
well this right here
my volume in Balance right here so now
let's practice with uh that in mind like
we're going to use uh
really really low towards the low of the
day low probability but unfinished
business down here we have weekly u high
balance cell sign efficiency consequent
encouragement stop
loss and then Target right before get
into that
level okay it's not a fair value Gap but
I'm just going to show you because I'm
getting pissed off sitting here and I
want to get through the exercise number
that I was supposed to go through 10 so
now we're at
eight now the volume of balance being
treated as something bullish see that
volume of balance right
there I'm using what this what this
Market's giving me it's not giving me a
fair Val got yet so
first presented fair value Gap today was
a
banger beautiful beautiful beautiful
above consequent encroachment of the
wick okay that's nine I got one more to
go we have a fair value Gap here
low let see if we can try to make a run
onto
these relative equal highs
easiest way to get of your fear is to
simply just get in here and press the
button and just submit to whatever it's
going to do and over time you'll get
better at reading price you'll get
better at seeing the ones that you would
really like to take a trade on
everything improves with
time it's not going to feel comfortable
doing it in the beginning it's going to
feel like what am I actually doing
here but over time you'll get to the
point
where it's just a matter of like a
meditation like you just
meditate doing executions pushing the
envelope of getting in getting in
getting in getting in getting in getting
in with no fear or expectation of the
outcome you're just looking at Price
gravitating towards a level that you
think is going to be magnetized for
price it's going to draw to it it
doesn't mean you're right doesn't need
to be right it doesn't mean that you are
a bad Trader if you have more executions
to get stopped out than winning
executions because it's an exercise when
you go to the gym you work out you know
you you go there for two weeks are you
at the weight and the physique that you
wanted to do or have at the time when
you first start out to had the goal of
wanting to exercise and improve your uh
wellness and health no of course not but
you know by doing those things you're
going to do what move in the direction
of getting to that goal and you have to
have some kind of structured approach
and going in and attacking pools of
liquidity going in using fair value gaps
every single one that pops up engage in
it just use it just get in there and pop
it and just trade on it and what will
happen is you'll get better at doing it
over and over and over again and you you
build this affinity for what the
Market's doing at that given time okay
hopefully it makes sense it may not make
sense to to some of you it may sound
like a bunch of [__] but the bottom
line is is there's nothing I'm not
afraid of pushing the button in front of
volum okay I'm literally just reading
every tiny little minor fluctuation
without any kind of Rhyme or Reason
except for here's where it could draw to
for stops and here's the right now the
right now fair value Gap and the right
now fair value Gap is not always the
right one and that's that's what you get
by doing this you find out the ones that
work because you've done enough of them
you've seen enough of it okay so
give me a second here I think I did 10
didn't
I did I do
10 one two three four five six 7 eight
nine 10 there you go 10 of
them um the net results
$3,575 the one two three four five six
negative transactions inside of 10
transactions of drills not not highly
selected trades not high probability
entries not the ones I want to trade on
but I'm forcing myself to take as the
Market's moving around If it creates a
fair value Gap I want to see it draw to
a particular pool of liquidity that's
what we watched today that's all we
watched today okay that's all it is and
when you go into your demo account
trading and you use it like
this it gives you now a baseline now you
can't use
today's as your experience because it
was me doing what I was doing okay I was
making the decisions doing all this
today not you so what I want you to do
is go forward with this and if you can
if you have the ability to do it today
in the
afternoon try to do it where you're
going to engage with a a 15-second chart
or one minute chart and take as many
executions as you
can you want to use a one minut chart
you know
as as the highest uh time frame because
the one minute chart is going to give
you lots of opportunities to practice
the 15-second chart will give you even
more because there's a whole lot more
price delivery and there's lots of fair
B gaps that form on this time frame
there's lots of little pools of
liquidity little short-term highs little
short-term lows and whatnot so it gives
you great deal of framework to practice
in it's a perfect little laboratory
experiment and it hopefully if you use
it this way as a as a coaching mechanism
for yourself like you can do your own
measurement of
progress by doing this every single day
now what what time was my first
execution 9:30 something
right no over
here 951 is that right I think no here
you go
all right so
9:36 all right I didn't do anything
earlier no didn't
yeah there we
go
926 and then stopped out there and then
I used the first fair value gap of the
other the morning and then look at look
where it was there to all the way down
to
the relative equal lows that's how you
take your
framework in your exercise and say okay
which one of all the trades I was in
which one was the my best one which one
was my worst one and which one was the
closest one in the aligned with what
actually delivered the best in the price
of of of trading and you can see that
you know it's pretty it's pretty good
isn't
it it's random but trading down to where
I told you yesterday it would most
likely reach for and we're in that now
so next order of business is that Weekly
buyid Bal sell sign efficiencies
consequent
encroachment and that's volatility
pinball it means you're buying and
selling buying and selling using every
fair value Gap that forms on a 15sec or
a one minute chart and you're going to
run with that to a old high or an old
low that's all you're doing and you just
practice doing that I promise you it
will feel weird dealing it it'll feel
like you're wasting time it'll feel like
you don't know what you're doing why do
this why do this when you start getting
a baseline measurement of what it is
that you're
measuring and I want you to think about
me aiming for uh for these relative
equal highs and then trading up into the
consequent crment of that Wick right
there you see that look at that delivery
and then down into the low here you're
not going to find that in your Elli wave
[__] okay you're not you're not going to
find that but uh
just when you come to my videos and you
watch my live streams and whatnot or you
read my Twitter
posts I have a great deal of fun you
know twerking up people that love to
hate me I'm convinced that not all of
them really genuinely hate me they like
to get a rise out of me and I I don't
mind I like the reciprocate and and give
it a little bit back to him here's the
consequent corion of the B side inici
inefficent iy rather
and it's for it's for sport okay I'm not
losing sleep over anything anybody says
about me online um because I know what I
know I know I've can trade I know I've
made millionaire students I have
profitable students all around the world
I have new students coming in learning
right now with you side by side and
they're learning right along with my son
so when you
see I guess it's like
um what do you hear for because if
you're here just to you know to poke fun
that's fine I mean I'm not going to
block you because of that but if you
constantly take what I said out of
context I'm G to mute you because you're
not being honest you're not you're not
reporting back what really was going on
like today there's no doubting it now
you seen it okay there's pushing of
buttons there's a a net result at the
end that even if you look at that that's
not my real result my real result would
be simply taking that first um fair
value Gap entry and then adding more to
it here pyramiding there and pyramiding
into
that and I don't want to go so far as to
say I'd be in this pyramiding that but I
would have been out in
here and all you got do is look at my
trades and see that that's how I trade
it that's how I do it and when people
say you do it live do it live do it live
I know really what you want to see you
want to see it so that way you can copy
me that's really really really what you
want and I really really love denying
that because it's problematic for me
okay um I can
trade without any emotion when I know
that I'm the only one in
there when I'm by myself and no one is
aware of what I'm
doing I feel confident that I'm I'm
equipped to me to to measure the risk
and to incur that risk if I'm wrong I'm
willing to be
wrong but I'm not willing as a mentor as
a teacher to allow you to assume greater
risk than you really should take on and
what does that
mean I'm certain that some of you
probably did some of these things today
with the Live account or funded account
or challenged combine something to that
effect and I'm dreading going over to
Twitter just for that not because
anybody else that might have something
trolling to say because I don't know
what the [__] going to troll to day it's
pretty much obvious now
but I get I get nervous okay I ain't
gonna I'm gonna be real honest with you
I get really really nervous when I know
other people are risking money on the
things that I'm doing because I don't
have that fear I don't look at my
transactions as I'm G to lose money I'm
going to hurt myself financially I don't
feel that and when I see other people
telling me that thank you ICT you're the
king high
five and then showing me their trade
that this took and I know that that was
based on what I just said in a live
stream my stomach turns in a knot like I
that makes me emotional about what I'm
going to do next and I don't feel that
otherwise I'm like a psychotic killer I
have I'm zero of emotion I have nothing
I'm blanked out in
emotion like I don't have any
feelings when I'm trading I have zero
feelings but if I know I have students
around the world that are are
potentially putting real money at risk
behind that now all of a sudden my mind
moves from the process of watching these
candles do what I want them to
do to
now are they being smart enough to take
the partial off
here are they freaking out when this
retracement is occurring right now when
I'm not nervous about it think about how
it was what was booking price back here
I can take these off
now when price was trading here with the
inversion fair value Gap and it's
talking about how price can use the same
effect that we seen and I T the 2022
model you know the one the kid just made
a million dollars of supposedly just
watch one video dude be honest man this
higher fair value G there because it's
there with this inversion fair value Gap
remember I was teaching yesterday about
the in inversion fair value Gap it's got
to trade away from it and then come back
up and you want to see the body stay in
the lower half but it can Wick to the
upper half of it now in this case what
is it doing it's wicking outside of that
Orange
Box is that normal in this instance it
is why because I called your attention
to this fair value Gap because it's the
similar idea that having two fair value
gaps stacked up on the distribution side
of the curve here when it's going down
it can stab up into that so your stop
loss has to
be making an allowance for the market to
trade up into that but how far can it
trade up into it it needs to stay
below the upper half or the midpoint
here and you can see it does
that so there there's no
uh there's no reason to
fear you know
doing it wrong because there's enough
winning trades out there to fix all that
stuff and they repeat a lot and you saw
me do a lot of Trades executions here
today and using a 15-second chart I was
buying and selling and even forcing
myself into situations where I knew was
low probability but
you're you're able to see me call
it why it should do what it should do
when it's on side that's the takeaway I
told you where it was going to go to
yesterday we traded to it
today I would be completely done with
the morning session and I would close my
charts and that's what I'm going to do
today I'm going to do that now so I hope
you learned something today I hope you
had fun doing it I hope you've been
inspired to to practice with your demo
account like this now don't be
discouraged if you're not doing the
types these type of setups if you can't
see these things in the beginning that's
a byproduct of you practicing and
studying ongoing that's what you get
over time Caleb you're not going to get
like this just the first few times that
you start dealing it but still submit to
it every day and over time how much time
months you'll see progress in in a
couple weeks but you'll see notable
progress in two three
months by doing that as a natural
progression of working towards refining
your skill being able to read
price using limit orders always limit
orders always limit orders always limit
orders not not Marketing in not
Marketing in if you're using a market
order you're rushing you're being
impulsive and you're probably being
emotional and the only time that is
invited and allowed is when you're
trying to hurry up protect your money if
you feel like something's a Miss
something's really
wrong it's easier just to close the
trade and just be out of it just do that
move the sidelines and Market out just
get out but entering a trade you should
never ever ever even though You' seen a
plethora of me entering my trades with a
market order because I'm using these hot
buttons up here again I have only been
doing that to show you that it's not
Market replay okay
so clearly we saw executions today only
on the basis of limit orders today only
limit orders and I'm going to leave it
to you all as the as the community okay
do you see any value in having this as a
exercise do you have any reasons why
this would not be beneficial to someone
that would be
uh trying to learn how to do what I
teach because you have to do stuff when
I'm not
talking in between when you're watching
videos what are what are you as the
student in the making what are you as
the person trying to learn how to do
this what are you doing what are you
bringing to this journey because if it's
just ICT talking to you and I'm
entertaining you and and hopefully
communicating something that's useful to
you and engaging your attention if
that's all there is to it then you're
never going to get good at this you're
never going to make money with it and
you're never going to be able to pass
these account fund challenges you put
forth in front of you because you this
is the stuff you have to do this is all
part of it and if you don't recognize
that if you don't see it for what it
is then you're you're you're wasting
your time I'm not wasting your time I'm
not giving you stuff that doesn't work
I'm giving you stuff that absolutely
works and as much as you think it's too
much to listen to and too much just to
go through you look at all those videos
over there on that YouTube
Channel 500 plus videos man or whatever
it I don't know what the count is
but you don't have to watch all those
videos if you just start with the 2024
mentorship I'm literally giving you a
handholding session as best as I can
over real time price action just like I
was when I was doing
mentorship nothing here is getting
deleted nothing ever gets edited the
live stream goes up on the live stream
section of the YouTube channel as is
anything that I've said incorrectly
anything that I've done wrong or
incorrect is still in there that's
exactly how it was for me my P
mentorship that's exactly how it was
I've never edited anything absolutely
nothing to make myself look good I don't
need to all I got to do is be myself and
I look good
so you either find Value in this and you
come back tomorrow or you go somewhere
else it's simple as that okay um I have
no problems doing executions I have no
problem teaching you how to do it I have
no problem showing you the history tab
when it's beneficial for you but I like
to make sure that there's nothing in my
mind that's distracting me and in my
mind if I worked for trading View and I
had the ability to put something on my
account and I could link it to some kind
of trade copying service I would
absolutely [__] do it and I don't
care if it risked being fired because if
I could get a week out of it [__] it I'm
doing it I'm going to do
that because I'm sure trading view ain't
paying the kind of money that someone
doing 15 contracts in a funded account
uh setting because my stops are
tight everybody else that uses those 15
contracts they have no idea what the
[__] they're doing they're overleveraged
they have no idea what price is doing
and they're blowing out that's why these
guys that are influencers are always
resetting they're always [__]
resetting because they do not know how
to [__] trade but they're in there
influencing you they're influencing you
to do what to buy more resets I'm
teaching you how to do no more resets
you just do one you get your money make
real money with it and go into a real
brokerage account and trade with one
contract and build up when you have one
and a half times the full margin then
you add one contract that's proper risk
management that's how you do it that's
how you really really do it and it's not
about but I can't make these five figure
and six figureure payouts you're playing
the lottery
man that's not what trading is trading
is about making consistent progress and
income let time do the heavy lifting you
you think that you getting in there
trying to get these big windfall
victories that that's the answer to your
problem and what you're going to do is
you're going to create a new monster in
you where nothing satisfies you except
for that and what happens when you can't
do it consistently you're going to blow
up now contrast that with cooland Luke
comes
out says I'm gonna listen to
ICT a lot of people say a lot of [__]
about this man but he just come out here
today and proved it once more live
stream entries and exits and everything
and I believe he's been proving with his
executions that they were legitimately
done with the concepts that he's taught
and I used it again live today even in a
drill
setting and it still does better than
most of your guys that you're watching
on live stream I'm telling you what the
Market's going to do and when they're
staring at the [__] chart trying to
figure out what the [__] it's doing well
maybe it's going to go up to the vwap
maybe it's going to do this maybe it's
going to that well let's see if it does
this [__] that I'm going to do what I
want to do it's going to do this if I'm
wrong no problem it's giving more Intel
I'm going to do the opposite or sit
still and wait for the next
setup I'm not reacting I'm anticipating
I'm anticipating I'm predicting the
future and you have to have that as a
goal in mind you have to disount all the
other [__] that people say that the
market is random because it's not that
you have to react the
price okay if you're reacting
you're always in second place at the
best that means the person in the front
of the line you're reacting to what
they're doing because they're the winner
second place is never winning it's never
ever winning it's never ever winning
they only have they only have the same
perspective and the view is the ass of
the guy that's leading that's the best
you get to
see and you want to be the lead dog you
want to have the view in front of you
everything's in front of you wide open
wherever you want to go in trading
that's what I'm giving you I'm giving
you that you have all the freedom in the
world to take whatever pdra like I'm
using just the the fair value Gap just
the fair value
Gap but if you go in here and you look
at just order blocks the same thing you
practice you do your price action uh
exercises and drills using volatility
pinball this means you're just going
every time it creates it you don't try
to put the emphasis on this is the right
one this is the wrong one every time it
happens that you think you see it in the
chart engage it engage it engage it I
missed a few of them in here because my
I'm I'm trained to look for the right
ones so I have to go in here purposely
and try to [__] it up a little bit
because if I go here and just trade
trade trade then it doesn't serve the
purpose of what I'm trying to show you
here is where you don't want to have to
demand that you're right all the
time and when you have less experience
than I have and you just start I'm
reminding you I'm giving you the
permission as your teacher as your
Mentor that it's normal for you not to
know what you're doing and it's also
normal for you to feel uncomfortable
doing at all any of this because you
don't know necessarily what it is you're
doing doesn't matter 10 15 20 executions
every single day takes you about an hour
maybe an hour and a half at
worse but the time that you invest in
doing this pays dividends that you can't
even imagine because it gives the eye to
see the ones that are the right ones how
do you recognize that ICT because I
[__] have seen them thousands and
thousands and thousands of times within
Market delivery within a present idea
that I have for higher time frame where
I believe the Market's going to trade to
based on um you know the economic
calendar all those are factors but you
can't get that answer that satisfies you
in one Post in a tweet or one sent
because you're asking for something that
can't be accomplished with something so
small in its capacity or bandwidth like
it's it you're asking for something that
needs a
novel to justify why it's better to do
it this way then what you're probably
going to do if I give it to you in a
short condensed version here's the
here's the short condensed version and
watch how you wreck yourself
ready high probability successful
profitable trading is done by simply
understanding where the market is going
to go to next at the right time of the
day knowing where a high probability
retracement is likely but not to go past
so you can use a stoploss to lock in
that underlying risk and know in advance
where there's potential levels where you
can take partials along the way removing
the necessity about being correct until
you get to your
Terminus that's it I just told you
everything that my Concepts do now
that's a huge void to fill
in what do you mean by that ICT what the
[__] a partial where do you take a
partial where do I put a stop loss at
where do you frame a high probability
trade when is it high probability well
you first have to determine when it's
low probability and that's what we've
been focusing on that's how I opened up
every new mentorship every single time a
new started a new group was brought in
and I started a new year I started with
them looking at here is high resistance
liquidity profiles this is problematic
conditions and it just seemed like to
people that wanted to find any excuse
oh this guy doesn't how to trade let me
get the [__] out of here give me my
money
back get the [__] out of here clown get
out of here I guarantee you those people
that quit in 2016 the very first [__]
group some of them actually did come
back in uh the 2018 2019 group some of
them actually did come back in but the
ones they quit and then never went back
to try to get back into mentorship I'm
sure they studied the leak content but I
promise you they didn't do any well they
they probably have either quit trading
entirely or have lost money to the
degree where it's probably warped them
because they're
chasing give me money give me trades
right now you're a fraud unless I see
you making me money put me in trades or
you're a fraud and to those type of
people I have a a very simple statement
go [__]
yourself because I don't owe that to you
and nobody else does either I didn't
open up a signal
service I taught price section how to
read price I can stand out here every
single [__] day I can do it in a
courtroom I can do it in front of the
Supreme Court I can do it on a [__]
TV I can do it under a [__] light
detector I can do whatever the [__] you
want me to do okay if you want me
wearing [__] a different color
jumpsuit I'll do that too I could do I
could [__] break dance and [__] do
it I don't give a [__] I'm not gonna
forget how to do
this but what is astonishing is every
single time I do it you get amnesia like
it didn't happen like you like you
didn't see me do it
today because you want me to get riled
up and say well watch this I'm going to
prove it I'm I'm not doing that I know
what you are doing I know exactly what
you're doing and I would want to do it
too I would want to get me all goated up
into thinking I got to come out here and
prove myself every day so that way you
can copy
me and that's not going to
happen I have this economy I teach you I
teach you conceptually I prove it with
real time examples okay I proved it with
real money and real accounts not just in
paper trading when I'm teaching it I
have to do it in a paper trading account
because the protection that it affords
me because I'm not I'm not acting or
operating as a financial
adviser which is very very important to
me because I am not loving the idea of
teaching you so much that I'm willing to
open myself up to liability and
pretending to be a financial
professional that would tell you what to
do with your money I'm not I'm not like
that at
all so I teach with a demo account I
teach with a paper trading account and
because this is all lifetime live
real-time data and you're all watching
your own real-time data too you know
what I showed you today and every time I
live stream is absolutely 100% [__]
factual and
true I am not afraid of anything I'm not
afraid of any Market condition I'm not
surprised by anything I'm not taken back
by anything I know what I'm looking for
and if it doesn't give it to me that's
okay I will wait and I will take it
later it's simple it's very very simple
and that sounds like arrogance that
sounds narcissistic but it's just
confidence of knowing what I know and my
students that get really good at this
that's a byproduct of it you're never
going to tell them they don't know what
the [__] they're doing they're going to
laugh in your [__] face and if you
come at them don't be upset when they
break your heart and tell you you're
full of [__] and they're going to be
quick to say you put yours up against
mine that's how you know they're one of
mine because one of mine will walk a
[__] mud hole in your ass
simple so hopefully like I said you had
some some information given to you today
something that was useful um this is
volatility Pinball it's an exercise
where you go in whatever whatever PD
array okay whatever one that you like
don't let me feel like I'm forcing the
the fair value gap on you like I'm doing
my my son like Caleb doesn't have a
choice in the matter right now later on
once he proves he can do it consistently
with the fair value Gap if he wants to
start doing another
PD have at it time but right now you
have to start somewhere and starting
somewhere is where everybody has to you
have to start somewhere and it gives you
a baseline experience and then it's all
up from there it's all up from there
it's never I'm getting less experience
by doing more of the same thing no
you're getting more experience and by
going out engaging the uncertainty of
real-time price
action engaging the hard right Edge not
knowing what the [__] going on think
about
that think about that John Q public is
looking at this chart right now maybe
not on the 15sec chart but they're
looking at that chart right now and
they're thinking what the actual [__] is
this thing doing like what is going on
where is this thing going I got to know
like I'm down I lost money what the hell
am I going to do
here and here we walk this
Pony in here I told you it was going to
likely go up to a level here but not go
past a certain one it's going to treat
these specific levels in a in a manner
that
is defined already in pre- live stream
today's lectures that means you are
aware of the logic and all I did was
lean on the logic that I've already
taught you and I used it real
time folks listen okay when I was
trading Forex they said show me your myx
book [__] you watch my live executions
in my commentary because they you can't
fake that you can't fake that okay you
cannot fake that [__] my FX book
absolutely fake you can fake that [__]
all day long anybody that trades the
Forex market right now honestly if they
have never had an interest in going into
Futures that's a red flag for me because
that means they got to come out of mt4
that means they got to come out of their
white label fake broker their shell
company broker that means that they're
showing you something that's [__]
artificial and fake and they're making
money through Affiliates and cor sales
simple and straight and forward that's
the way it is okay and if you don't
[__] like that and you're one of
those guys prove yourself different
prove it differently I you don't owe me
uh any evidence I don't give two [__]
what you do I'm not impressed by any of
them but for the people that are looking
to them and sucking them off publicly oh
I love you king oh my goodness let me
give you a happy ending like what the
[__] man up what these [__] guys okay
do not deserve to be worshiped I don't
[__] need to be deserved deserving of
any that [__] that's why I strike it
down I nobody only God gets worshiped
only God gets worshiped and some of
these clowns walk around here and they
want you sucking them off publicly they
want to be lifted up on a pedestal and
and they want to put a price tag on it
here worship me and pay me this much
money so you can do it and they're lying
to you they're [__] defrauding you
they're literally lying to you saying
look at this man I made I turned $100
into
$100,000 the [__] you did bull [__]
you [__] did okay you you're a
[__] liar you're a liar okay you're a
[__] clown liar all you [__] Forex
clowns are [__] Liars because you're
staying in an mt4 world where you can
fake it come out into a real broker
setting come out where you can't
manipulate the [__] [__] where you
got to use the same data everybody else
does and then turn your small accounts
to six figures in a couple days it ain't
going to happen it ain't going to happen
and unfortunately there's a whole new
round of suckers and dumb asses that
come in this industry and if I was a
piece of [__] like some of you think I
am that lie and say that I am I have the
highest seat right now I had the highest
retention and viewership on live
streaming I had the biggest following in
terms of people watching just for
futures and ongoing education and I'm
doing it for [__]
free and I'm telling people stop
emailing me I'm not doing paid
mentorship stop contacting me through
Twitter and asking me for paid
mentorship stop leaving comments on my
YouTube channel can I get into your paid
mentorship can I pay for your paid
mentorship my paid mentorship is on my
YouTube channel it's in the 2016 2017
playlist that's all my paid mentorship
anybody that joined my paid mentorship
after that got those lectures that's
it so stop asking me can you please take
my money
ICT send your money to St Jude there you
go you want to spend your money so well
send it there that's a worthy charity I
support that charity I'm 100% behind St
Jude you don't need to I'm [__]
loaded I'm rich I'm [__] rich rich
rich and the proof is I'm doing this for
free I don't have a panh handle out
saying please pay for my [__]
Lamborghini please pay for my [__]
McLaren please pay for my [__]
vacations please pay for my this and pay
for that I pay for everything out of my
own [__]
pocket if I want something I'll look at
these [__] charts and say okay I'm
GNA do this this this this this and I'll
make what I need to make
done
simple truth be told I don't even need
to do that anymore I have enough I just
got to dip into what I have I don't ever
need to trade ever again so who do you g
to
believe seriously I'm saying this and
I'm turning this [__] video off who
are you really going to believe the guy
that's sitting out here saying I don't
want your money you're never going to
get another opportunity to send me money
I gave my stuff that I sold as education
for free on the YouTube channel and I'm
teaching ongoing for free I'm proving in
live streams I'm literally pushing a
button in front of you I'm doing
everything absolutely what everybody
else is hiding and won't ever [__] do
and they're still selling
courses and they're selling my [__] for
more than two times that I sold it for
who are you going to [__] believe you
don't think that they have a real vested
interest in trying to make you doubt
me because they have their sock puppet
accounts pushing that narrative that
[__] because they don't want to lose
more sales because I'm beating their ass
I'm literally squeezing their [__]
nuts in a vice right now they're
squealing they're hating [__] life
right now they're hating me they [__]
hate me even more
today and we're not done
oh we're not done we are not
done but who's you gonna
believe seriously who who the [__] are
you g to
believe there was some talkers that said
they were going to join the robins cup
okay here's what happened I went into
the robins cup and I told Joel Robbins I
said listen anybody and everybody that's
going to come and contact you you tell
them exactly what my account's sitting
at and I sat there and I pushed and
pushed and pushed and pushed and pushed
and pushed and pushed and I pushed that
[__] account down to $900 [__]
dollars and I sat there and I waited and
I [__] waited and I [__] waited
and not one of these [__] yahoos no
Vinnie e mini because that's who I
really [__] wanted I really wanted
Vinnie to do that I really wanted him to
join but circumstances panned out as
they have he's already been dealt with
it's done it needs to lie if he raises
it up even more you brought it on
yourself but that one never stepped and
I can understand why he never stepped if
he's smart he'll shut his [__] mouth
and let things lie but if he stirs it up
I have every bit of the ammunition I can
[__] do to make everything [__]
painful I never wanted to do that Vinnie
I never wanted to do that at all but I
told you if you wanted to have a
competition let's have it in the robins
and I baited two other guys
two other
guys none of them none of them made it
that way I could take that $900 and run
it right back on
up but it's been bait it's been bait the
whole [__] time the whole [__]
time and you're all here sitting there
thinking you're clowning me I have
[__] trolled and trolled and trolled
and try to get these guys to come out
here and they won't do it why because
they have a mentorship they have
something they're
selling and the litmus test is this who
the [__] are you going to believe I'm
out here proving my [__] in in this in
the lens of everybody watching it
live invited them to come out into a
setting where they have to prove themsel
not just do sporadic once in a while
live stream here let me do something
I'll show you what I did
today pre-recorded this pre-recorded
that no no no no no no no no that
doesn't work
I got very very thick skin very thick
skin I have dragon scales okay ain't a
[__] woring me but I will go out
there and rip my own image up just to
drag these [__] out here in the
center and tear their throats out in
public in front of everyone I went to
Great extremes to try to get these guys
to do anything and everything in there
to do something and they won't why
wouldn't they why wouldn't they why
would they not want to do that because
they stand to lose their meal ticket
their mentorships their services their
[__] okay that's exactly what it
is every single trade every single
[__] trade that I put on in that
Robins cup had nothing to do but
anything except for me just pushing the
button push push push push push push
push push push push push I did that [__]
on purpose there's no logic like you're
seeing here live you're never seen that
and I have waited and I waited and and I
waited and I waited not one [__]
stepped not
one and I thought for sure I told my
wife I said I'm telling you I know as
soon as they contact Joel and they they
say look he's in draw down they're gonna
they're gonna pounce on it and that's
exactly what I've been wanting so now
you know you [__] know you still have
time you still have time you Jordans of
the [__] trading the master of
[__] trading let's [__] go let's
[__] go you know I'm starting with
you know what I'm starting with and I'm
still going to beat your [__] ass so
let's [__] go I'm not afraid I'm not
embarrassed I'm not intimidated I'm not
anything but [__] ready and if you
don't think you got enough time we can
restart this [__] [__] for the 2025
there you
go but I wanted to be pushed I wanted to
be [__] challenged and the only way I
could challenge myself is to put myself
in such the lowest point I could not
come any lower than I am right right now
I think come back from that I can come
back from that you
can't you
can't but I [__] can and I wanted to
[__] rub it in your [__] face
because that's just what ANC would
do so there's your facts there's your
skinny on what's going on with the
robins
cup you don't believe me contact them
they'll tell
you all it was is push push push push
push push push push no Rhyme or Reason I
just want to draw the account down
because I knew Vinnie e mini was going
to contact I know his little blow boy
Curtis would be calling and contacting
hey ICT is lying online saying he's
winning the robins cup could you verify
that please oh certainly let me take a
look yep yep here's here's where this
count
is but none of those [__]
stepped not one of those [__]
stepped do I sound like I'm intimidated
or scared do I sound like I'm
embarrassed [__] no like I said we can
still do this this year we can still do
it absolutely absolutely we
can Brent could move aside and let the
man go through and I could be at that
number one spot but I want someone to
dance with you guys promised me you said
you were G to [__] do it and you
didn't do it of all the years I've had
people come forward I thought for
certain the M7 guy was going to do it I
was confident that he was going to do it
he didn't do
it not my circus not my monkeys come on
man I got excited when you popped up a
and you said it was a clerical error I
thought that that was [__] yeah now I
got somebody I got
somebody nope I don't have anybody and
Dave teaches
[__] forget about that [__] guy's
a fraud [__] clown he would have done
it if he could do
it period
you need a full year the imitation is
again for 2025 if you want to do it if
you can roll what you got right now by
the end of the year I will use what I
got and you can verify it with Joe
Robbins that not one [__] Penny
will be added to that account not one
[__] penny would be added to it and
I'll still whop your
ass now how how humiliating would that
be with less than a thousand I came back
the [__] rookie sensation ICT comes
back with a [__] surprise upset the
October
[Laughter]
surprise how about it you ready I'm
ready I am [__] ready listen I have
worked very hard all year long biting my
[__] tongue hoping hoping that you'd
say you know what I got his ass finally
there's no way there's no [__] way he
can come back from this because if he
adds money he broke his rule yep
but not one of these guys came forward
not one of them but they got engagements
and they got people
talking but you don't see them out here
proving [__] you don't see them out here
doing it for
free you see people saying they're full
of [__] and wow ICT is finally doing it
for real look at it look at there it is
yep there's a global Cup right now going
on it's going on till the last day of
May of
2025 we can slide right on in there I
already got a proov by Iron Bean all I
gota do is on the account if you say
that you're going to go do it and you
just get on the fifth spot that way I
know I know for certain that you're
really gonna make an attempt to do it
and I will absolutely beat Larry
Williams but you stole something from me
for this year like I literally wanted
this to happen I really really wanted to
happen it would have been so much more
fun if you guys would have participated
but you didn't and that it kind of it
irks me it irks the [__] at
ofy
so here we are we're sitting here
watching ICT prove it live but some of
you just simply aren't going to like me
you're not going to believe me because
you didn't win the robins cup ICT you're
your your reputation at stake my
reputation has always been a demo
Trader how the [__] am I going to wreck
that think about it I'm not here for
reputation I'm here for fun I'm here for
fun and
entertainment
if this stuff didn't work I wouldn't be
out here live doing it if I couldn't do
it I certainly wouldn't be out here
trying to do something I don't know I
know how to do it and I love playing the
strings of all these people out here
that talk [__] about me I love it I came
back to Twitter just for that purpose
for that very
reason and some of you are going to
ignore what you watched here today
you're going to ignore everything I'm
proving this year in the mentorship
that's been given to you for
free because you're going to look at a
peer trophy of a bull and a
bear that I don't hold in my hands
yet but do you honestly honestly okay
seriously sincerely mean this okay do
you think it's hard
to make
400% it's [__] easy and that's all
that's going on right
now that's
it and you need me to do that and you're
ignoring all this evidence all this
evidence that's being shown to you
beforehand you're going to ignore this
and you're G to point to that because
that's what trolls are going to do
that's exactly what trolls are going to
do
and you're either going to join that
bandwagon and you're welcome to do it I
just G to have more people that's gonna
make me laugh and smile and none of that
[__] bothers
me see you all would be hiding under a
[__]
rock you would be you would delete all
your social
media you would never go online
again that's what you would
do but I'm in control everything I'm
doing I know exactly what I'm doing I am
absolutely in control of what I'm
doing and I
am teaching things that work in real
time I'm proving it I'm proving the
logic and I'm also willing to be in any
competition but I gotta have competition
folks like I want the competition I want
that I don't want to just yeah I want it
what the what the [__] big deal I wanted
the these guys and anybody else that was
sitting on the sideline thinking I'm
gonna [__] go after this guy I'm
going to go after and I'm going to do
it and nothing happened really is a
lackluster all year long a couple
hundred% that's all you ever saw that's
easy I'm gonna show it to you this month
I'm gonna show you this month it's easy
to do
that I don't need to win the robins cup
to know that I know how to trade but
some of you think that that's the litmus
test that says see he's a fraud because
I gave you that invitation to think that
I want you to think that because that
means I'm going to divide the crowd like
I always do and if I have a divided
audience that means I have a talking
audience and a talking audience is going
to what they're going to advertise for
me and it brings more people here and
more students learn for
free for
free so are you someone that's going to
ignore everything you're seeing here
that's being done live
in a live stream executed Point Blank
buttons are pushed with a limit order
not Market replay telling you why it
should happen we've been doing it for
eight weeks
now telling you what the Market's going
to do Candlestick by
Candlestick is that value I don't know
for some of you it might not be for
others it might be this is a [__]
amazing opportunity I don't give a [__]
about Robin's cup I don't care if you
ever do robin cup I intend absolutely to
do robins
cup but I have to do it the way I want
to do it because I only want to do it
one time and I thought I was given the
opportunity this year to do it and I did
not get any competition because it's not
enough to me just go out there and beat
my mentor I want to have something else
to hang my hat on and I just thought it
would be great to be able to show the
world that here are individuals that
were in our community in Twitter and fin
twit and they were willing to step in
there with me regardless of the outcome
and they really
weren't and I'm nobody would come out
here and say this stuff if it was
happening to them if it was by some
circumstance or lack of ability they
would just disappear I'm I'm not that
kind of
guy because I want you to still doubt it
and say that's I'm going in I'm GNA do
it great that's exactly what I want you
to do and if you lose to me it's not
anything to be bad or or be bad mouth
about no one should troll you if you
lose if you really get in there and you
get on the leaderboard and you really
try to do well but you still fall victim
to me winning it that's not something
bad that's exactly what's going to
[__] happen so you shouldn't be you
shouldn't be surprised by that nobody
would be
really but I would love the champion the
idea that you had the balls to get in
air with me and that's what's lacking in
this industry nobody's willing to put
their reputation on the line I will
absolutely burn my [__] reputation to
the ground and come like a phoenix come
right back out of that
[__] because I can I can do
that what do I have to lose here some
subscribers some people that don't want
to watch my videos somebody going to
leave a trolling comment to me that's
not going to make me forget how to
trade that's not going to make my
students that know how to learn how to
read price action eventually learn how
to make a profitable trade and do it
without coaching them without doing
anything to tell them where the Market's
going to go that's not going to make
them forget or somehow think oh well I
don't want I don't want to do this
anymore because he didn't get a computer
trophy think about it
folks you have a line in the sand in
front of
you did you get into this to learn how
to trade and make money or did you get
in this to worship
somebody I'm not a hero I'm an anti-hero
and you never ever ever ever want to
meet your hero never I'm in my villain
Arc right now okay in case you haven't
noticed this is the villain Arc of ICT
and I'm having a lot of fun with it lots
of fun with it but at the same time I
can be helpful I can teach I can show
you how it's going to help you and make
your decision-making process about
trading and
investing more direct and without going
through a lot of the stuff I had to go
through it doesn't mean profitability it
doesn't mean that your profits are
guaranteed doesn't mean success is
guaranteed it just means that through my
experience with teaching lots of people
and my own personal experience these are
the best ways that I think that someone
should go around learning how to do this
and if they aren't willing to come out
here and sit in front of the world like
I'm doing here and explain to you why it
should be beneficial to expect this or
that to push a button live explain it
why it should take
place then they're not worth
paying they're not worth listening to
their course isn't worth
[__] their sermons aren't worth
listening to their Wares are not worth
purchasing all that stuff it's all
[__] and drama marketing listen I'm
a master of that all I gotta do is start
a fire I can start a fire easy I just
started one today Twitter's gonna be a
blaze with this [__] and guess what that
means more people are going to come and
they're going to want to talk and
they're going to watch and they're going
to watch me do what you just saw me do
today but even better and they're going
to be like [__] Robins this guy's doing
with exactly what I want to learn giv a
[__] what he's doing I don't care about
Michael I just want to hear what he's
teaching I care about that if they can
make me some bread that's what I'm all
about that's the right mindset that's
the person that's passed the test that's
how you know you graduated because it's
not about being Tethered to me I want
you to be able to say you know what
Michael I appreciate everything you've
done for me but [__] the [__] off I had
a life to live now I'm going to go out
there and I'm gonna make money and catch
you on the flip side if I see you I see
you that's the right mental that's the
mentality that I want all of you to have
not hold my hand
ICT guide me stay stay my Guru ICT [__]
that [__] I don't want that you
shouldn't want that from anybody you
want to be independent you want to be
independent thinker you want to be an
independent
Trader devoid of any outside influence
that means me or any other
influencer think about it isn't that
really what you want you want to be able
to do these things on your own and not
have to worry about listening to
long-winded [__] videos studying this
one and studying that
one you don't you'll know what you know
and you'll be able to implement
it that's why I got into trading I
wanted to learn how to make
money I love Larry Williams as a man as
a mentor that he gave me the the best
Head Start in the right direction but I
trade with very little of his stuff
but the impact he had as a mentor on me
still has Lasting Impressions like I it
it surfaces all the
time but
it's not the technical stuff it's not to
go into the market and trade with this
way of
stuff it's how about this is this is how
you think about it this is how you
should think about it this is how you
should approach it and I don't agree
with everything he teaches I don't agree
with a lot of the things he he he
subscribes to he doesn't believe in an
algorithm controlling price he believes
it's buying and selling pressure and
that's my first real Mentor you don't
see me trashing him but I trash the idea
and the logic that these markets are
absolutely random and buying and selling
pressure because clearly as you seen
here today uh I would not know this
stuff it was random buying and selling
pressure if it was what that was then I
should have been stopped out up
here and I wasn't but I was able to
outline exactly what it should do and
how it happened I should not be able to
know that that first SP value Gap in
between 9:30 and 10:00 should give you a
enormous Edge in terms of
timing when the Market's going to roll
and it did and I'm in it too and here's
the here's the first one back
here
so when you read these people leaving
comments oh do it live I did it live but
you'll forget about it anybody can do
this do it live okay show show me to
anybody that can be this
precise it's simple show me show me who
that is and until I talk to you tomorrow
be safe